=== Notes Export ===
Total messages in database: 417
Notes found: 395
Exported: 2026-06-08T04:24:13.224Z
==================================================

[9/7/25, 6:19 AM] i need to sleep early, I think i can do more, feel more productive, and enjoy my day better if I wake up early, lets say around five am

[9/7/25, 6:20 AM] I lately have been drinking around 2 cans of beer per day

[9/7/25, 6:26 AM] I want to build apps with AI for a living. I'm tired of working on the restaurant and being worried all the time about money

[9/7/25, 6:30 AM] Worried about money. Today we sold very little in the restaurant. Don't know how we will do it next week

[9/7/25, 6:53 AM] I have only a few pieces of clothes

[9/7/25, 6:53 AM] My wife's name is Diana Montoya Magaña

[9/7/25, 6:53 AM] I was born in 1982 March 27

[9/7/25, 6:54 AM] I am a male, born in Mexico

[9/7/25, 6:54 AM] My name is Luis

[9/7/25, 6:54 AM] I'm stressed mostly about money right now

[9/7/25, 6:55 AM] I notice that if I go to bed before 12am I rest better and wakeup early more easily

[9/7/25, 6:58 AM] I like dogs

[9/7/25, 6:59 AM] While I should spend more time with my family, I don't interact with them as much as I should

[9/7/25, 7:16 AM] I need to sleep, currently I am not getting too much by staying up late

[9/7/25, 7:42 AM] I would like to wake up early, but being here trying to make an application made it take me longer. Right now I'm going to go to bed and try to sleep.

[9/7/25, 7:46 AM] I am very interested in making applications with artificial intelligence.

[9/7/25, 7:48 AM] My mind is confused. Today we sold very little in the restaurant. Well, not today. Yesterday was Saturday. Today is dawn, so there are no sales yet. Now I have to go to sleep. In reality there is not much to do, what was done was already done in the week. Now that's what to wait, I hope it sells well by tomorrow, Sunday. Maybe what I can do is increase the ad budget and create an ad in the morning as soon as possible. and wait for the best.

[9/7/25, 6:13 PM] Today, Sunday, I plan to eat with Diana some smoked patties. It's 12 o'clock, or 11 o'clock, and it's still very hot.

[9/7/25, 11:21 PM] Right now I'm sitting in the middle of Tulio and Citlaly and we are talking about web sites and artificial intelligence.

[9/8/25, 5:08 AM] Think on trying to go to bed at 9 pm. To work on 2 of my digital projects. The one about the university directories and the one about making videos for restaurants for social media. Work tirelessly for at least 2 weeks on this two projects

[9/8/25, 5:10 AM] I drink around 4 beers today

[9/8/25, 5:11 AM] Today I talked with Citlali, Tulio, Ana and Enrique.

[9/8/25, 5:12 AM] Citlalli has good analogies about problems in life. She is good at it

[9/8/25, 5:12 AM] Ana can be an amazing friend, I wonder what I need to make a deeper connection with her

[9/8/25, 6:17 AM] Still I haven't went to bed.

[9/8/25, 6:18 AM] I'm worried about money, but thinking on building something (software) and sell it. Don't know if excited, but decided

[9/8/25, 6:33 AM] I want a easier job to do. Mainly on the computer with more time for me and my family. Currently I only rest one day on the week and usually end up doing things for the restaurant. I want to do things with AI and a computer.

[9/8/25, 6:33 AM] I need to remind myself that I need to drink more water. A lot more, currently I almost don't drink water

[9/8/25, 6:34 AM] I need to reduce my consumption of sugar

[9/8/25, 6:35 AM] I wonder how much money do I need per month to feel not worries about it. Maybe another 15,000 mxn per month

[9/8/25, 2:11 PM] I wake up at 6.20 in the morning, however I haven't done much, I've been on the cell phone, on Twitter, and so far I haven't done much either. I'm still on the internet. Well, even if I prepare a little coffee, it's about 8 or 10. I would like to have a plan of what I would like to do, and even if I only did 40 minutes a day in the mornings, I think it would be a great progress, especially in things like doing something productive, a project maybe, etc.

[9/8/25, 2:12 PM] I realize that I'm wasting time on things that leave me absolutely nothing for the future. For example, watching memes on the internet.

[9/8/25, 2:13 PM] I will start with a list of things that I would like to complete in a week and I will choose the minimum next step that can move that maybe something of 5 or 10 minutes and we will see what happens.

[9/8/25, 2:18 PM] I continue distracted, in this case with Twitter. As I'm looking for the correct platform indicated to make the list of tasks that I would like to do, but I realized that even a text document would solve it. possibly it is just a way to avoid what I really have to do.

[9/8/25, 4:30 PM] I just made two Facebook ads for the Costa Coral restaurant. They are very basic, but it is better than nothing. I made an advance, at least.

[9/8/25, 5:25 PM] I'm going to work, it's 11.21, I would like to be earlier, but I got late because I didn't plan it well. It will affect just slightly, I have to hurry a little more. We have to open at 12.30 and I must be about 10 minutes from arrival. I have not only had a coffee, I have not had breakfast. I currently feel like eating, but maybe I'll buy a mole cake. And that's it. Right now in the Costa Coral account there was a little more money than expected, so I feel a little more relaxed. I'm thinking that the change we made in the menu is allowing us to be a little more profitable, I don't know. Usually, it's happening that the money I expect to have in the postage account, there is always a little more. And although we are still battling with money, it gives me a little hope that although the sales are low right now, and we are improving sales a little more, we will be able to keep a little more of the money from the sales that are missing.

[9/9/25, 4:04 AM] Today we sold not too much and not too little. It was fine. This in the restaurant.

[9/9/25, 4:04 AM] I need to go to bed early.

[9/9/25, 4:07 AM] My dad gave me money to pay Costa Coral debt. This will buy me some tranquility. But I need to keep moving so the lost in money is reduced and hopefully ends and Costa Coral can stop being a worry and more a dream come true.

[9/9/25, 4:08 AM] If I could choose, I would go to bed at 9pm

[9/10/25, 1:29 AM] The idea is that they follow a survey within Facebook, so that people can select their preferences, where they would like to go to eat. and the site will direct them, depending on their preferences, to a site that has those preferences, but would have a slight ... like a slight preference or cost per hour, and we would unify what each person pays for the fund. that would give publicity to this site within Facebook and be able to position it well, including cutting the next month to 80, 70 and so on.

[9/10/25, 1:30 AM] I have passed the time of the day, I have not done much, however I think I needed to rest to regain energies and now I need to structure what I want to do to accelerate and make the decisions that allow us to generate more income quickly and avoid spending the little money we have and find ourselves again in the circumstances in which we were. So, we have to analyze our opportunities and select the one that has the most chances of being successful. All of this refers to Costa Coral.

[9/10/25, 2:08 AM] I have problems, I am not able to plan a task or even a goal of a task that I want to do. I wonder if I can make an application that is very fast to do, in which I write something I want to do, and maybe a time limit in which I should do it. I don't know, I would like to explore that idea. I write the task, and the task is present on the screen. And there's a timer, I don't know how to explain it. And there can be both things even with a list of things that I have achieved that I have achieved and maybe a percentage of success and error and there must also be like a kind of active minutes where only the actions that I really did that can add up to that active time. That is, if I want to make a design for an ad, and I have 15 minutes to do it, and I define it as it is, Those 15 minutes add up to the time. If I don't finish it, I can't add it. It would be interesting as a game. I would make a cool, interesting, modern interface.

[9/10/25, 5:21 AM] Yes, what I think is that we can work on the website project for the purposes of MR Marketing for Costa Coral.

[9/10/25, 5:22 AM] Again it's 6.20, 6.22 at night and I still haven't slept. I would love to start sleeping at 9, 9.30 maybe. But I end up doing other things that maybe aren't productive.

[9/10/25, 5:23 AM] Right now I created a site based on the idea of percentile feedback. I would like to read the chapter in the book that refers to this concept and how I can incorporate it. Right now, I don't even know if I can save it, if it stays recorded, as in a kind of... in a kind of database, but the interface is good.

[9/10/25, 5:38 AM] I find dictating with my voice very practical and it is very interesting.

[9/10/25, 6:20 AM] In my free time I mainly go on distractors like Twitter, YouTube, among others. I'm sure that if I take advantage of those few times for other activities, even if it was 40 minutes, 30 minutes, things like design, programming, among others, I could advance in the projects that really interest me, for example, that I had a period of 40 minutes a day to program the system of the videos for restaurants surely I would have something more elaborate that could be selling with the same time I have right now but I get distracted and I do it this very conscious many times that my mind only seeks distraction in the immediate reward that many times is translated, for example, to play polytopia, which is a strategy game that only makes me not think anything and this and not in things that maybe the reward takes time to be visible for example as in a project that requires programming and that aligns for example with my desire to use artificial intelligence and have a more office work than instead of being in the restaurant

[9/10/25, 6:37 AM] 40 min in my app for videos for restaurants per day will be a huge win. This will create a doble oportunity for earning extra money. It could work to bring extra clients to the restaurant and also as a service to sell to other restaurants. I plan to sell it at $3600mxn per month per costumer

[9/10/25, 5:42 PM] Well, I woke up late, like 8.50 and it was morning, come to buy some things, take a shower, have breakfast, wash a little bit of clothes and I'm going to be late. I didn't do what I wanted to do, I didn't have the 40 minutes of focused work time. Yes, obviously it was because I slept at night and that has a chain effect that is not more satisfactory.

[9/10/25, 5:45 PM] Well, it is clear to me that as the owner of Costa Coral, I am his engine. So, I have to define the steps we take and also the rhythm we take. I am the most interested and if I do not take action, if I do not define goals, This does not advance us and this is not because of the lack of interest of others, but they follow my rhythm. So I think I have a good team and many things I don't even have to do, I just have to indicate what steps have to be taken to advance. So I have to tune those things, set goals, make the step, delegate. I had identified this before, but I had not had the opportunity to apply it. I don't know what happens to me sometimes. I think I have to have those clearer plans.

[9/11/25, 12:41 AM] I have a problem that I have identified a while back. I start a project and after a few hours I switch to another and so on. This doesn't let me build something of great value because my progress is spread all over the place. Apart from the restaurant I haven't spent so much in something for long time

[9/11/25, 12:45 AM] I'm considering starting a B2B business instead of a B2C like the restaurant. Currently is very hard to earn money in the restaurant. I think we will have more lucky with less effort to sell a service like the videos for restaurants

[9/11/25, 2:58 PM] i went to bed at 9:20pm yesterday, unfortunatelly my habits of sleeping late, made me sleep around 11:00pm and today I wake up around 8:30pm. Still satisfied that I did my part, even as I didnt achieve what I wanted. I suppose it takes time to change something I did bad for so long. Also I didnt spend time on my phone as a first task of the day as many days I did. Now logging this info. Will write what I want to do for the day, and do even a small portion of focused work.

[9/11/25, 3:26 PM] I have two things to do one is make people go to Costa Coral. We need to capture the attention of those who havent went to Costa Coral, there is a lost of interest to our buffet. Even as we have improved our offering. 

Do I simply need to change the creatives, maybe people is tired of seeng over and over the same images. 

Maybve that is necessary, even if the image + text has performing not as bad. 

But one thing for sure is that the method is not perfoming as well as it did at the begining. 

Other idea is to lower the price of pthe buffet basico to $199 all days. This will help us in the marketing efforts. I belioeve. To advertise it as a buffet de $199

Another idea is to compare us with other buffets, the cheap ones and the expensive ones. And show us as the smart choice. where you get premium ingredients and recepies for small price and all you can eat. 

Its true that we dont advertice everything we have to offer. This could be the oportunity. A fast video that says something like. 

Buscas un Buffet? Pero no uno tan costoso de $500 donde te quedes sin dinero si llevas a la familia. 
Pero tampoco uno donde pagues $160 y sean 4 o 5 cosas basicas? 

Costa Coral es la opcion ideal, donde puedes comer tacos, de camaron, pescado, arrachera, langosta, calamar. 25 recetas. hechas a mano. por tan solo $269. 

Todo lo preparamos con tortilla a mano. 

Cada taco es una excusa para probar una de nuestros complementos, desde salsa de tamarindo, jamaica, hasta nuestra popular mezcla de pepino con chile piquin y zanahoria. 

Pide los que quieras y preparalos como quieras. 

We need to condense this idea in something very short. To convey the offering in very few words and images. 

I already like it. 

We need to speak to our costumers in a personal level, i think. Not as a corporation, but in a engaging way. First broading the question to engage the costumer and then narrowing it down to something very specigfic to the thing we want. 

Sounds fine by me. 

What is next, the other project. The one that will take me away from this maddness. The one that will allow me more flexibility and the possibility to earn more with less effort. 

Why didnt I try to do something else? instead of going for another restaurant. Maybe I operated with less infoprmation that I wish I had, or naybely though that La Palmita was a very bad project and something more planeed will work better and be a lot easier. 

The truth is something that is broadly known, a restaurant is something hard to do. specially in a town like my own, Morelia. Where there is almost no industry and many people gravitates to start a food place, so the offering is too much for the small amount of people. So is very hard to attaract costuomers in a place crowded with tons of options.

[9/11/25, 8:28 PM] It's a Thursday, it's time to go to the corral, it's 2.30 and we haven't sold anything. I'm slightly stressed but also at the same time a little excited to take the decision to start another type of business that is more digital and that brings a source of income and at the same time that is easier to execute and not so tired.

[9/12/25, 1:13 AM] Well, I don't know what to say, I'm still thinking about the idea of ​​generating content, but content of videos, in this case for restaurants, but there is something that I had not, I had thought about it, but I think it is a bigger problem than I imagined. What is it? A problem I see is that it can have difficulty climbing. when you have many content creators it may be difficult to coordinate with them that you are bad with the clients and with each new client we have more costs since they are paid for visits. A solution that could be to have as routes where a creator can complete a route instead of paying for video, it is paid per day and ask him to create more videos that can be an option the idea is to make it more scalable that it does not cost so expensive with each new client I do not know I have to analyze and implement an idea although it is not the most efficient but already starting because we are going to see

[9/12/25, 1:16 AM] Well, I need to act quickly, just to validate that I am sure that the people, the restaurant owners, willing to pay for ... I even dare to say not necessarily for someone to solve the problem of having more people, but simply to try something else, that they want to try something else with the hope that the problem of that their restaurant is alone is resolved. I suspect that this is a very, very widespread problem in the city, since I dare to say that we are few people for so many food businesses that we have. because there is almost no industry because most people prefer to start a food business because it is what they know best to do instead of starting a something else that requires more maybe technical skills, so that's what is oversaturated and there are only a few that have that mindshare, I don't know.

[9/12/25, 1:17 AM] So, my solution, regardless of whether it works or not, I mean in practical terms, in this case it would be to take a place from not having people to having people. I think it could be sold simply by the fact of promising that it can be done. and well, it may not work for some, but I think that is better than our old model where we are a restaurant and we have to force it. We are a business to customer and we are a very transparent model where we have to work to be able to charge the client. if not, it does not arrive in change in the other independently if it works or not we charge at the time of selling then this can be done with calls to the close to the client it can be a little easier

[9/12/25, 1:25 AM] What do I mean by creating a service where you can charge regardless of whether it works or not? It's very simple. I realized that a restaurant or a boutique The effort is very transparent. You have to do it on several fronts and you only charge when a client visits you. That is, when all the parts are already good. The food is good, the service is good, the marketing effort is good, the location, etc. It is when you discover that it is already ... and for that to happen is difficult. I think so If a component is bad you will very likely break I don know how to define it but the whole cycle must work to make it a profitable place, especially in places, for example, where I live, where I have the belief that because there is no industry, many people gravitate to put places for food and in comparison we have places, for example, advertising agencies where their results should not attract more customers necessarily to cover, they can be only very good at sales or they can be very good at design and at the moment with this they convince the client and the client will discover that they are not a part that they are going to to turn those efforts into money, until within 3, 4 months, but simply that cycle already allowed you to look for more customers and so on. However, in place of food, I think all the components must work.

[9/12/25, 1:29 AM] maybe what I mean is is that 1 when separating the components there are certain businesses that can do bad things and still receive income, for example, maybe a teacher, a psychologist, for example, a psychologist, independently, if he is doing a good job is very easy to evaluate it is being sorry it is very difficult to evaluate in the first second third visit even the doctors it can be difficult to evaluate And I think that in a restaurant a person immediately, I don't know, I don't know how to tie these ideas because also if we as restaurant owners, we know immediately, for example, if our way of acquiring clients is bad. That is a great incentive, sorry, a great asset to iterate. Practically every week you iterate, you iterate until you start to find the pieces that fit. So why Well I have reiterated perhaps not enough I think I have reiterated a lot within Costa Coral but perhaps not enough to benefit from this I do not know if I stagnate I simply have to wait for the effect of the recommendations to be bigger and bigger and we can live from these recommendations as it happened in the palm tree the other restaurant where it took me I think a year and during that year because many times we were alone although all the pieces were in that place we only had to wait for the voice to spread and this effect was created where and on all the weekends there were people who recommended it to us and so I wish I would like to wait but I do not know on the one hand I want to leave this job the restaurant one and look for something more in my in my ... that I think I have more domain, something that has to do with artificial intelligence, that I can have more free time, but at the same time I know that I am not going to leave the other, then Coral Coast stays, we are going to try to rescue it but I think I am also in a very interesting position where I know the pain points of a restaurant and at the same time I have the technological knowledge to offer an idea of ​​how to solve them. The point is to find that part of how it is solved.

[9/12/25, 1:32 AM] Of course, with this that I say, it is not that I planned to sell a solution that I know is false, on the contrary, I would try my best, but what I mean is that if you have an incomplete solution in a restaurant, it is not viable. However, there are other situations where a partial solution is functional. And you can continue iterating, do what I mean.

[9/12/25, 3:25 AM] With going to bed early. I think I need to complement it with having a light and healthy dinner

[9/12/25, 3:26 AM] It's 9:25pm I know I need to go to bed, but we came with some friends to eat tacos. What should I do?

[9/12/25, 4:27 AM] It's 10.26 pm. On one hand I feel like I should do something on the computer, move forward or whatever, and on the other hand I know I have to go to bed. What should I do? I don't know. I know that the logical thing is to go to bed early so that tomorrow I can try to wake up early and immediately start doing something productive.

[9/12/25, 4:28 AM] I was thinking about the same idea that artificial intelligence gave me, about what is a small and imperfect action that I can take, that even if it fails, it will teach me something real about my plan to create my new business.

[9/12/25, 1:48 PM] Wake up early, but felt sleepy so end up sleeping until 7:40am. Time to work!

[9/12/25, 1:57 PM] will start by making a list of things that if done by the end of the day I will feel proud of.

[9/12/25, 5:54 PM] Ok, today, as I mentioned, I woke up early, relatively, and one of my goals was to make a TikTok ad. Unfortunately, I couldn't finish it because there was a step where I got stuck, in which I could no longer advance. It was a step where I linked the landing page to the ad. And although I could do most of it, there was something in the TikTok interface that didn't allow me. I want to think that this was not my responsibility, but it was a process of waiting. Obviously I would have liked to do more things, for example, make more ads for Facebook, for Costa Coral, however, most of my time was spent on this and having a work announcement for the workers' application. and there it was all the time. I would have liked to have more time for tomorrow. And well, I did not expect that I was going to get stuck in that part. Anyway, I'm satisfied with what I achieved, although it was not a relatively failed attempt, because right now it will not have results with the campaign.

[9/12/25, 5:56 PM] Maybe if I had liked to be a little more productive, I would have selected the tasks first, where there was a higher chance of success, and rank them based on that and maybe return on the time investment, maybe that could be done, how much time it probably requires, the probability that the desired goal is achieved and create a score. I don't know, it would be something relatively easy to implement. I could be implementing tasks that I want to do and not only one day before, but constantly trying to do in the morning the ones that have the best score.

[9/12/25, 5:57 PM] I constantly see the change in the turn of many things. That they are business customers. And although this may be, because it is obvious when a business customer closes, and even if this business is not so easy to see, But this in a way reaffirms my vision, perhaps partial, that a business to business has more chances of success and that we should make the change from business to customer to business

[9/15/25, 4:31 AM] thinking on building this site> 

This will be a site that will ask potential costumers their preferences and based on that will suggest highly rated places on Morelia that will fit their needs. 

It removes the need for discovery in social media.

The type of questions that it might ask are maybe:

+ What kind of food do you like
+ Loud or music to talk
+ Cheap or Expensive
+ I want to be surprised or go to a sure thing
+ Etc. 

It could be a glorified form. But with the right design, UX and UI we can make a site that it will actually drive costumers to the right place. A kind of router, that drives traffic according to the preferences, it could even ask after the visit if the recommendation was according to the expectations. 

Here we could make a profit by giving tons of traffic to the site using a pool of the people paying for the service in this way we leverage the traffic of all social media to a smart traffic light that moves people to the right location. 

Yes, we have tiktok, facebook, instagram and other places that put all restaurants to fight for the attention of users, while not being very efficient, because is a zero sum game. Also the tools are not made especially for a city with our necesities like Morelia. Instead is a general tool.
Here we have a chance to pool the resources of all our clients and suggest to costumers places that they will actually like. 

Currently there is a problem where small, new places in Morelia don't get traffic, this will level the field and if the site is good, we might give it a boost in the ratings. 

We could use smart algos to place sites and even charge them only on people clicking in their actual listings. Who knows. Or Maybe charge to put the profile of their restaurant with more detail than the rest. 

Here the potential for profit lies in the cost to the traffic to the site and the effect we cause in the restaurant of the client. 

Even if the results that they drive with direct ads on social media, I think we can frame it in a way that sounds like another source of costumers. 

I would be interested in paying for the site, as a restaurant owner, if I saw it with life. I mean, proof that people is actually using it, with comments and others signals of activity. Even pay for it around $600-$800 mxn per month only to see if it works. 
We could leverage the fact that many places don't even track where costumers come from.

[9/15/25, 10:31 AM] thinking on building this site>
This will be a site that will ask potential costumers their preferences and based on that will suggest highly rated places on Morelia that will fit their needs.
It removes the need for discovery in social media.
The type of questions that it might ask are maybe:
+ What kind of food do you like
+ Loud or music to talk
+ Cheap or Expensive
+ I want to be surprised or go to a sure thing
+ Etc.
It could be a glorified form. But with the right design, UX and UI we can make a site that it will actually drive costumers to the right place. A kind of router, that drives traffic according to the preferences, it could even ask after the visit if the recommendation was according to the expectations.
Here we could make a profit by giving tons of traffic to the site using a pool of the people paying for the service in this way we leverage the traffic of all social media to a smart traffic light that moves people to the right location.
Yes, we have tiktok, facebook, instagram and other places that put all restaurants to fight for the attention of users, while not being very efficient, because is a zero sum game. Also the tools are not made especially for a city with our necesities like Morelia. Instead is a general tool.
Here we have a chance to pool the resources of all our clients and suggest to costumers places that they will actually like.
Currently there is a problem where small, new places in Morelia don't get traffic, this will level the field and if the site is good, we might give it a boost in the ratings.
We could use smart algos to place sites and even charge them only on people clicking in their actual listings. Who knows. Or Maybe charge to put the profile of their restaurant with more detail than the rest.
Here the potential for profit lies in the cost to the traffic to the site and the effect we cause in the restaurant of the client.
Even if the results that they drive with direct ads on social media, I think we can frame it in a way that sounds like another source of costumers.
I would be interested in paying for the site, as a restaurant owner, if I saw it with life. I mean, proof that people is actually using it, with comments and others signals of activity. Even pay for it around $600-$800 mxn per month only to see if it works.
We could leverage the fact that many places don't even track where costumers come from.

[9/17/25, 12:28 AM] Today we expected it to be a day of high sales, well, not of high sales, but higher than normal, because it is a festive day. And we had observed that usually days like this one, well, they were not going well. Unfortunately, it was not like that. We lost a little and I am really a little disappointed. because it is very beautiful because there is another place that has more people than us and it is a place that makes you think

[9/17/25, 12:29 AM] This month, in the Costa Coral restaurant, we are projecting that it will be one of the lowest months. And this is coming from a streak, more of a constant where every month we sell slightly low. Well, I'm worried that what we had we are losing. What did we have? I don't know. Or that we are doing something wrong. I don't know.

[9/17/25, 12:34 AM] An explanation that could give us an explanation of why it has dropped so much, it could be that we already announced the price of the Camaro lobster, That, combined with a mistake in the design of that ad, but that actually worked as something positive, where we mixed the image of a... of a... this... a pickled taco... with the name of lobster. In reality it was a mistake, but the client thought that the lobster taco was that big lobster taco. That is my hypothesis. So, I have not used that photo anymore, because I feel that it is very used, but that could be an explanation. So we could try that hypothesis in an easy way maybe looking for a way to put shrimp lobster or lobster taco in a taco that has that shape that looks very voluminous and try if we have demand and this then that could be the problem that people seek to try something original, something new, at an affordable price and the lobster taco fulfilled it. Now it does not fulfill it and that is why we have had that decline. So we could also incorporate the idea I had in mind of making caviar tacos. I don't know what the flavor would be, but I suspect it would be good. And it says something curious, even buy two cans think about it until we put a disclaimer, that says until the existences allow it, something like that, and try if that is really what is failing us.

[9/17/25, 12:45 AM] I have been working on an application where people, depending on their needs, of the places where they want to meet, where they want to go to eat, for example if it is a family, a couple, etc. We are going to recommend a place, asking simple questions, and the idea is to generate money by charging the restaurants, for example, to appear with a certain image or certain details that increase the probability that the person is going to be there. I was thinking of charging 890 pesos in the basic plan.

[9/17/25, 12:45 AM] In this software that I am creating, where you can ask questions, we are going to recommend it has two objectives. First, I want to think that if I think it can serve the restaurant, it can serve our restaurant, it can serve all restaurants.

[9/17/25, 12:47 AM] And I definitely need another income to stabilize myself. This income, we were talking about it, it would have to be around 15,000 pesos. I think that with 15,000 additional per month that you receive, 15,000 to 20,000. I could be very stable and maintain Coral and all the costs that are happening. I would like to know how many clients there are. If I were the only one working there, I would sell this service, but I would include Flor, since she has proven to be very creative, very hardworking, and I have the suspicion that she is very good at selling software solutions. Thank you.

[9/17/25, 12:49 AM] So, let's say that I want 15,000. That's what I'm talking about. If I enter Flow, in the creation and sale of this service, we could get about 30 clients. That are not being misled. If I can only create something that really serves the restaurants. Well, yes, that it serves the restaurants, to be more visible, even start selling other types of services, like your website, a landing page where you can communicate with them via WhatsApp, something like what we did for Costa Coral, not to reserve but to end up in a whatsapp contact I feel that we could sell it, digital menus, all the solutions that we have found and that can be useful to you I wonder what are the next steps that I must take to start generating even if it costs 5,000 pesos.

[9/17/25, 2:33 AM] Now coding is possible using AI. The weird part is that it can work for long periods of time. This periods doesn't make too much sense to try to be in deep work. Because you only have to wait seen no updates. I wonder what could I do in those moments (2 to 12 min ). What could I do? In those moments? And also how could I motive myself to "code" with this new tools that don't require so much focus and more constant iteration. Think from first principles.

[9/18/25, 6:38 AM] I read this about myself from another AI and got me thinking: Your core failure mode is irreversibility avoidance: you protect optionality and image by doing reversible work (tweaks, research, tool-hopping) instead of committing to live outputs that create external feedback and potential embarrassment. That keeps you “busy,” prevents compounding, and starves the system of data.

[9/20/25, 6:16 PM] Today is Diana's birthday. Diana, my wife, is married to me. From what I interpret, what happened, as I can read, she sees, Yes, I did not give him a special treatment, he is present, he is all right. I told him that he was not going to be here, he was going to go quickly because he had things to do here. I agree. This obviously bothered me. And I stopped talking. As for me, I know there is not much to say. I tired of seeing how to survive in the coral coast to be without money all the time to see how we can survive a few more days This affects my planning and, for example, I said that if I had planned it better, I could have left much later. But my mind didn't even let me think today how I was going to And well, a little detail, a small gift from Diana would have been fine and I said that with that we would have been back. But I didn't do it. And I don't know, right now things are going very badly with Diana. I'm tired of fighting so many fronts and not having a space to really rest because I come from work tired and Diana is angry. I go to work and I'm worried about bad sales and get tired.

[9/20/25, 6:23 PM] This note is to remind me, in a given case, that Diana and I are not separated, that Diana can be very rude to me. What do I mean by rude? That she can remove the word very easily from me, due to some problem that she had personally, And then, days or weeks later, I found out that it was not a situation that was alien to me, but she does not discriminate and she stops talking to me. I found out that this pattern is a pattern that his mother made. I removed the word from her when she got angry with children, and I found out this from Saul, and that's exactly what Diana does with me.

[9/20/25, 6:25 PM] Diana can also change her mood very easily, so sometimes I can withdraw and go to work in a happy way, and I return, waiting to find Diana herself, to make a short talk, to make a comment, and I find myself not being able to talk anymore. This has happened on many occasions, and I don't know why. It's like talking to the wall and not talking to me. And later I found out, as I say on other occasions, that sometimes it is not even an action that I did, it is simply a matter of work or someone, of his brother, and that is the one that I'm going to repeat the word. And that's very humiliating because obviously I asked the same question or comment two or three times thinking that he didn't hear me, but in reality he decided not to talk. So, I'm tired of that, and I want to remember them at some point. Diana and I will finish, because my brain tends to forget bad things, and only remember the good things.

[9/20/25, 6:29 PM] I suppose that in all relationships there are good and bad moments, but with Diana sometimes those bad moments are very repetitive, I don't minimize or say that I have been right all the time, of course not, but if, let's say, every two weeks she gets upset, I can't say that even once a week he gets upset to the point of not talking to me, getting angry. I tired tired And I think this is not a bad perception of mine I think there really is a situation with her that I should have seen since we were dating. But I don't know what was going to happen to me when I got there 15 minutes late, 20 minutes late. And I was so angry that the whole exit was ruined that day. Or when I finished, just when my parents had separated. We came back and everything, but I think that's what I'm talking about, about someone who is not very aware of me. needs, worries, I don't know.

[9/20/25, 6:37 PM] something that I owe to and well it is obvious but I still have not realized so much that the restaurant depends a lot on online sales practically I dare to say that we are close to 100% like 90% and You can read this in two ways, as we are taking advantage of social networks, but we are also taking advantage of a very big opportunity that we have, and that I dare to say that it is statistically highly likely to extract an income. It is our location in Bucareli, where there is a relatively high traffic in the standards of Morelia, or let's say, low-middle, maybe it could be, where we could sell something at a low cost. We had already observed it before that 169 Buffett sorry 129 sold even if it were in limited quantities In two days we managed to sell if I remember correctly 6 buffets Well, it would be worth exploring or continuing to explore more. how we can generate income, I don't even get tired of trying to get 3,000 a month with the traffic from Monday to Friday, since from Saturday to Sunday there is almost none. So, we have not explored that option. If we did not have social networks, we would sell zero pesos, the majority of the virus. And I feel that if we just work a little bit, we could have sales of 300, 400 pesos a day, from Monday to Friday. Let's say, from 400, 400, that would be 8,000 extra pesos in sales, which would be nothing for a very small effort.

[9/21/25, 8:27 AM] Currently thinking a lot on how the little money I spend on TikTok generated good money for Costa coral, to be more precise, I spend $250 mxn and got $5000 MXN in total sales aprox. Probably we need to make more tests, but is very encouraging, and with better videos I think we can get better results.

[9/24/25, 12:11 AM] because I saw a good response with ads on TikTok, which we could say was an investment of $400 in ads and the total return on sales was around $5,500. makes me consider that it is important to announce the Costa Coral restaurant on TikTok and maybe reduce the investment that was being made on Facebook from 6,000 pesos a month to just 3,000 and in the other 3,000 directly to TikTok.

[9/24/25, 12:13 AM] tomorrow we are going to start selling again in Uber Eats this is important since it will be the first time that we start selling since we started selling tacos in Costa Coda more than a year ago that we did not try it, however, I think my aggressive strategy can work where we are only going to look for a 10% margin on all expenses and this 10% will be reimbursed in ads, possibly we have a slight loss but this is going to be to acquire users who repeat this I think this can work and I would like to elaborate on that plan but for now I think it is enough

[9/24/25, 12:16 AM] I must say that the investment in ads that I made in tiktok of 400 pesos that generated 5,500 was on the weekend I imagine that in three weeks the return will be much less then this maybe it is worth trying it but I consider that it would have a similar behavior than facebook where most of the sales are focused on it on the weekend this is on Saturday Sunday I suspect that in my city morelia michoacán there are not many people who have the capacity or the time freedom to go to visit a buffet in three weeks at least at our prices maybe there we could fill our unused production capacity in Uber Eats which we are going to try the day of tomorrow

[9/24/25, 4:50 PM] I slept again last night. In this case, yesterday I went to sleep at 2 a.m. And obviously I woke up late. I woke up at 9 a.m. and even though I will arrive on time to work, I did not manage to do what I had to do I did not do any productive activity before going to work I don't know, I feel like I obviously failed again, in something that is relatively easy, I say.

[9/24/25, 4:53 PM] to yesterday, which was my day off, well, I think I wasted a lot of time, not necessarily doing nothing, but using it as it should be to recharge energies, really rest. Maybe I should have slept for a while, or go to see a movie. However, I left on things that I don't even remember. Not even having a plan of how to enjoy my day, which I think can be useful. However, although it was my day off, I took the opportunity to upload some images for the Uber Eats store. And the idea is to start today with the store and waiting to have at least a couple of sales for Uber Eats, let's hope, and start getting information. I want to find the balance where, practically, even if we don't have profit, we can get enough money to reinvest it in ads and so we can grow a client base that we can repeat later. Obviously, we can fail. The strategy through Uber Eats will be low cost. since we have enough capacity without using in the restaurant and this I want to use it right now for now simply in acquiring new clients in Uber Eats and then deactivate the ads to stay with that margin

[9/24/25, 6:27 PM] Silvestre Carrillo Rasa y Elon Esquivel, se presentaron el día de hoy 24 de septiembre a las 12:24. Para ntoficar del resultado de una vista que nos realizaron el 3 de septiembre. Son del SAT.

[9/25/25, 7:27 AM] we did a test on Uber Eats today, we only have a couple of orders and one was from my sister. This was the test today, we need to try to improve tomorrow. Now we will have images in more of our products and hopefully a new image in the listings. that will increase our CTR, also I added a BOGO for one of our tacos. with this i hope we can at least have 3 orders. When I refer to today, i mean miercoles and tomorrow jueves

[9/25/25, 7:28 AM] I need to try to sleep, even if I find omarchy awesome. Omarchy is a linux OS. It seems that its limitations are great for focused work.

[9/27/25, 10:03 PM] Thinking how to make Costa Coral as low cost as possible for us. For this I need to lower the expenses as much as possible. I need to think about as a bet. Where the daily bet is for sure a winning one. Currently our expenses is so high that having a winning bet is hard

[9/27/25, 10:27 PM] I'm thinking using TikTok as a advertising channel for our landing page ReservaCoral.com or simply to make users come by is working great around 10x ROAS. At least what we have managed to track, it could be higher. Probably I need to increase my production of tiktoks. And spending on ads on them. The results have been visible only by spending 400 mxn at most in a few days. Probably I need to spend a lot more. And maybe considering selling the combo TikTok ads and landing page. With around $6000 a month, keeping $3000 and spending the rest on ads to make the funnel work.

[9/30/25, 4:34 AM] we recived today 2 tables on costa coral they came from tiktok. the two tables spend 1000 mxn in total. and i spend today 100 mxn on ads on tiktok. I strarting to think that tiktok is a great way to bring sales to costa coral. I need to find the courage to buy the equipment i need to make more videos for tiktok for costa coral. I know how to make good videos. I am creative. I have found a way to make a profit out of them. 10x ROAS. I find it hard to spend when I dont have money, but this seems from the first tests a good idea, I just need to do it

[11/3/25, 4:56 PM] I have been bathing with water for two occasions, practically cold or almost cold, and the feeling is that I feel more awake, more comfortable. I think I could benefit a lot if I did this, or I would like to do this constantly, but I don't know how to live. Right now I'm doing it because we practically have gas in the house, but I think it would be a good practice, a good habit.

[11/3/25, 4:59 PM] Yesterday, November 2, an administrative letter was raised to Leslie for not fulfilling a direct order from her superior, in this case Flor. I think I should document this more. I mean in the city of Costa Coral, the restaurant I have.

[11/12/25, 8:11 PM] I have observed the new worker, consume food, I need to verify if it is conform to the rules or not, I also need to give it the new regulation

[11/13/25, 6:30 AM] I will like to log where my time goes. Specially right now that I am at the restaurant (Costa coral)

[11/13/25, 6:31 AM] I feel like I could be doing more with my time. If I managed to spend it more wisely. And not in distractions that don't leave me to much

[11/13/25, 6:34 AM] I think we have increased our sales at Costa Coral, thanks to TikTok. Past month we reached 140,000 mxn aprox. I think at least 30,000 mxn was thanks to TikTok.

[11/18/25, 11:52 PM] I have stopped updating the latest events in Costa Coral, which I think are relevant. Right now we are in November and sales are doing very well. I plan sales between 145,000 and 165,000 pesos, mainly from our Creo, which has contributed a lot to our spending on TikTok. and also good that content has been created there in TikTok and maybe not exactly but according to our survey many people come to mention that it goes from TikTok could tell me that a third part at least arrives from TikTok others from Facebook and others of recommendation, what is going to

[11/18/25, 11:54 PM] In August, I think we sold around $82,000 and this was due, I think, by external circumstances, where the general sale went down and we would have sold less, I think maybe about $60,000, 50,000 but fortunately the last two weeks was that I started to see the opportunity to publish us on TikTok and well, this has increased sales in those last two weeks or last week that already helped us in those sales and later in the next month in the month of October we managed to sell around 140,000 pesos.

[11/18/25, 11:56 PM] So, yes, TikTok has been a very effective tool, especially because it complements the other efforts that are being made on Facebook. and well, fortunately, many people have recommended us, so little by little we help ourselves with all those factors, all those sources of traffic, However, I must say that the profit is still limited. We need to optimize that part. One problem is that we do not sell alcohol because we do not have the license to sell it. This is very expensive, it costs 60,000 pesos and right now it has not been able to be put together. and we are only limited by what the buffet generates, the food. Approximately, I think that the profit we have is around 17% of the total sales and I want to take it at least to 25%, but I know that many adjustments have to be made. Yes, there are many artists.

[11/18/25, 11:57 PM] We recently hired a new collaborator, I think it's her second week, or a week and a half, and well, very efficient, it works fast, although I am a little worried, there is something about it that does not convince me, but if it is very efficient it is very fast and it learns fast, this has made the cost of the staff increase, this one I am paying her two thousand pesos weekly and this one She is called Flor, just like Flor, my former worker. And I am... I will refer to the new worker with another name to be able to differentiate them.

[11/19/25, 2:16 AM] I will describe to give more details of the buffet, because in the buffet, the taco buffet Costa Coral, mainly tacos appear and people can order as many times as they want, from the time they arrive until 6.30, we open at 1 pm although workers arrive at 11 am. The average consumption of tacos is 7, if I remember correctly, around 6.8 or something like that. We have a bar with sauces and other supplements so that customers can prepare their own tacos, so we take them very basically and they prepare them. This with the idea of costs in the kitchen serving it quickly and this this is the basic idea as I have said on other occasions we have seen an increase in demand thanks to this a tick tock then because it is tick tock facebook recommendation and very little margin the people who pass very little those who pass and enter but then already by putting together the various sources because this one is created a this one a significant amount of traffic although the unlimited income at the moment due to what we have left after doing all the payments, it is around 17% of profit and to have an idea of much that means for example here in the house the rent is 7 A hamburger at McDonald is costing about 120 130 I think A pizza at Little Caesar is costing about $ 120, $ 130 I think. Just to take into account those proportions. How much is it generating, for example, the cost per hour. My goal is to try to reduce our expense per person in the buffet and increasing the expense, what each person spends on the buffet. For example, with upgrades that they can do, I have considered that they can buy fried potatoes or guacamole and try to increase the profit a little more and in turn make them fill themselves with these supplements since I hope that by consuming this they can eat less tacos as they will be eating it while they receive the tacos but I have to make sure that it is actually a savings Although if they themselves are going to pay for those upgrades, it would not affect us, since once we wanted to give them additional things, and what happened is that they still kept asking for the same 7 tacos, but the last one they no longer ate, they only asked for it and left it there. What makes me think that people will order 7 tacos, regardless of the ... regardless of the ... if we make some changes to fill them before, they feel that consuming 7, they are already ... taking away what they paid for the buffet.

[11/19/25, 2:23 AM] Currently we handle two buffets, the basic buffet of 199 pesos and the premium buffet of 269 pesos. I think that currently that price is an attractive price for people. 199 pesos is below a mental barrier. and people can perceive it as a good value. Once we tried it with 219 pesos, the basic buffet, and I feel that people did not feel so attracted to that price as the one of 199. I think it is a good decision to maintain that price and reduce the cost of food For example right now I calculate that the cost of Cox cost of goods is 41% of our total sales, of the 41% of the sale of the product and we could lower it if we manage to make people buy, sorry, select inside the buffet, cheaper tacos and reduce the cost of production of these tacos, which, well, it costs me work to think how we would achieve it, but maybe through experimentation a systematized experimentation we could maybe achieve it For example try to have two minuses with a slight variation to see with which of the two we get cheaper. People ask for the cheapest options I would like to know for example what is the utility margin in each of the options and see if moving people from one to another we can increase our income but Well, the basic buffet of 199 is ours, the one we publish in social networks and I feel that it is the one that makes people dare to try since 199 does not feel so expensive as a reference seafood buffets cost $ 289, $ 299 and although we do not offer Agua Chiles or options that are called Barra Fría, which are like Agua Chiles, and other options, because we are tacos that maybe we want to focus on that, in being leaders and recognized for being a buffet taco, but at the same time I am worried that people are not willing to pay for a taco, since here in Mexico tacos are perceived as cheap economic tacos,

[11/20/25, 3:18 PM] I usually wake up and spend a few minutes on the cell phone in bed sometimes it can be 20, sometimes it can be half an hour, sometimes it can be up to an hour and well, yes, I feel that I waste a lot of time in the morning when I wake up and spend a lot of time on the cell phone and usually that time, well, this one is looking for me, it is late and I do not do the races and I do not manage to do what I wanted

[11/20/25, 3:20 PM] for the time being today, it is already 9.18 or 9.19 in fact, and I will hurry to see if at least I am not so pressured today, I will try to I think that registering more information about me this day is important. It has helped me a lot and to see where I am failing. I need to make the restaurant more profitable. Solving the problem with the card payment terminal, since the bank can delay those payments until a week which affects me a lot in general and this and let's see what follows

[11/25/25, 6:54 PM] I have been considering the idea of increasing the cost of the project. This with the idea, with two ideas. One, reduce the cost of the staff. And with this same, I mean, because I suppose that if the cost increases, the demand will decrease. And with a decrease in demand, or less staff. Currently, with Turate, on the weekend there are five people hired, and in three weeks there are three but that puts us in a very vulnerable position since our demand is not consistent as I think it can go down a lot in three weeks and if the demand goes down a lot, immediately everything goes away in even lose money. So, with a slightly higher price, well, a higher price, I assure you that the demand is not so high and if it continues to be high, of that increase in the price because it would have a major profit and could offer its problems better is that it is giving the basic buffet to 199 and the buffet premium to 269 My utility margin, I calculate that it is within 17%, which means that the effort that is made with what is obtained is very little.

[11/25/25, 6:56 PM] So I would like to explore the idea that the 199 buffet, which we call the basic one, becomes a buffet in three weeks, which will only be available from Monday to Friday, and we could leave it at 199 or increase it to 219 pesos and the premium buffet would cost 269 and only offer it on weekends. In this way, we would force the weekly clients that we have the highest demand to offer only the one that leaves us the most money, since the basic buffet costs us around 89 to 90 pesos and the premium buffet costs us 119 pesos.

[11/25/25, 7:02 PM] I already have more or less how much it costs me. Having high expenses puts you in a very vulnerable position in a restaurant, since in a month's time you must immediately make orders and high orders. In fact, it makes me think that we must look for a way to operate with the minimum possible staff, with a good margin of profitability. Maybe it would be interesting to explore. We are selling 150,000 right now, with fixed expenses of 50,000, but practically, when there is a percent of food expenses which I know is expensive high so we have to fix that margin One is making people prefer the one that we can force on Saturdays and Sundays and this one since on Saturdays and Sundays we have more demand and this one can be that on Saturdays and Sundays we can only force the prize We have a good group of people. It was not a basic buffet. The weekend was a good one. The people in the room are very calm. That could be an excellent way to decrease the number of people who come to the weekends To find a way even to explore what happens if with this restructuring, we could serve three people, two in the kitchen and one on the floor, making the kitchen and the locker room. It would have to be simulations to see what happens if we only sell 6,000, 7,000 pesos, but with this restructuring, see how much it corresponds and this in profit of the weekend and we could make that change. This would be interesting. And if not, then reverse it because I currently feel, and this is something that I bring to you very present, the difficulty and the workload is very high with the return that is obtained The return is very low I think that to do it to make it feel like it was worth it we require about 25 I would have to plan it, print it all, have it ready. and execute it as soon as possible. In this way, I could only keep the resources of the staff, offer a better service, and and pay a little more to the floor so that it can be modified. It would also be recommended for the increase, by the workers, for the increase in tips, since they will be less and the margin will be higher.

[11/27/25, 5:16 PM] After the analysis I did with ChatGPT, I realized that we must do two things. One is to increase the cost of the buffet. This so that it makes more sense. Although I thought that, for example, extract 100, 160 pesos per client. But it is a prudent strategy, regardless of the cost that the ingredients of the products that consume have. The problem or the variable that I had taken into account is that generating those 100 or 160 pesos requires a very high labor cost, which is not something I am going to consider. So, taking that into account, I came to the conclusion that we cannot continue offering the same price, of and for our buffets So I have to adjust that and already seeing it so that it makes sense with the cost of hand work that is given, it has to be increased by at least 20 pesos. But knowing the flexibility or inflexibility of our market, we would have to wait for a decline in demand of our products and services. This is because we would become even more expensive and for example in a month where In a month where people have little money, like February, this could be difficult for us. So for this we need a complementary strategy where we not only offer the buffet, but also a low-cost producer price that even with 60 or 70 pesos someone can eat. In this way we protect ourselves.

[11/27/25, 5:30 PM] Well, then I'm going to describe what the complementary strategy is to offer tacos, to offer individual tacos from 23 pesos, 22 pesos, this in order to be able to offer prices that can be accessible to more people. In three weeks, here in Morelia, hardly anyone can have the freedom to spend 600 pesos, 1200 pesos. So it is important not to depend on just those six months, seven months that come to consume us in three weeks, which is when we have more problems to sell, to protect ourselves by offering more affordable prices. We already have the staff, we already have everything that is needed, we have the available space and it would not involve more effort. we would only have to protect ourselves from the cannibalization of the products, since some, those who eat a little, for example, could prefer to buy tacos individually instead of buffet and the average of tacos per person will go up if we are not careful If we follow the same strategy where we allow people to order either the basic, the premium, or the taco trio. Usually people who eat little, eat the taco trio, the basic, the ones who eat more or less, and so on. With this strategy, we would change, we would protect ourselves. This is the table. You must choose how you are going to consume. If everyone is going to do, let's say a table of four people arrives, everyone must ask for a prize or all basic or all to the card. We would have to explain in a kind way why this is. First, by welcoming them, being very specific, at least from the moment they arrive, and to avoid, for example, that the person who eats very little asks for one or two tacos, and the people who eat a lot ask for the buffet. So, in this way, we can create, or everyone can order a buffet, even the person who eats little, or everyone can eat individual tacos, which is convenient for both of us. If everyone orders a buffet, we know that even those who eat little will order a buffet, and if everyone is on the menu, we know that the utility margin will be greater. be greater in all, even in the very few.

[11/27/25, 5:32 PM] So, I think that in this way we would be protecting ourselves and later we would have to increase the price of the UFE, But I wouldn't worry so much anymore because we would have a support. This support would be from the people who buy from us, sometimes they spend 70 pesos, 80 pesos, 120 pesos with us. And I think it is a strategy that complements the other very well. to help us especially in three weeks where we have although it gives us six tables although all of them contribute a lot to the expenses if two or three do not come, it practically affects us a lot. And it also becomes a problem of probabilities, since the demand varies a lot and it is difficult for us to maintain, for example, to know how much we occupy. However, if we do it in the majority of the case, it would be easier to predict how much it will take, mainly in three weeks, as we already do on the weekend. By weekend, I mean Saturdays and Sundays.

[11/27/25, 5:49 PM] Now, observing the TikTok strategy, the ROAS are not as high as they were initially. This was to be expected, because due to the low Facebook, the ROAS were initially very high. This is surely because it is not new on the platform, a new audience knows you and you are more accessible to any type of advertising you do. But even so, if we have definitely indicated that there was a general increase in the number of people who visit us, I dare say that currently 40%, 38% already comes from TikTok. And it is definitely an area that we have not exploited to the point where we could do it This Monday I asked an influencer to come and record a couple of videos so that this has been the best strategy, the combination of influencer with videos on TikTok and even on Facebook, is the one that has had the greatest conversion, in our landing page. For much more than the videos I have made with artificial intelligence or photographs, people seem to be very susceptible to others recommending them. in a casual way, or simply see it, see the experience from the perspective of the person who is visiting and not from another perspective. So maybe it would be very necessary to call her again or someone else to explore our new strategy of individual taxes And maybe. Now that I think about it, we could have. I don't remember the specific name, but our marketing strategy, the tax that is the one that pulls, the one that doesn't leave as much profit, but it's the one that I think it's the dog, I don't remember exactly what it's called, but it's the one that pulls. We could include some of our packs that we know cost us 8 pesos, and sell them for 19 pesos. The goal would be to get them with this strategy, with a price of 19 pesos and hopefully I will end up buying one of 20 something or even change them to the library I have to make projections knowing that people usually fill up with two or three tacos, how many we use to assume that in the future half will consume in this way and the other half will be sustainable. If we see it this way, for example, the consumption of individuals, we could stop to prevent certain things that we currently have and generate costs. Since we would move to a model more similar to a taquería. Currently, for example, one of the reasons that I can't change certain ideas is that people came to celebrate their birthday here and I wanted to give them a good experience.

[11/27/25, 5:50 PM] But, because they came, for example, to offer a birthday party, we are forced to offer them a service that is similar to when they came to participate in a birthday party. But with the other service of individual tacos, there was no such commitment. Someone who expects to spend 80 pesos, 90 pesos, does not expect that experience. And well, then the ROAs of TikTok are not as high as I thought. It is time to wait, but they are definitely an excellent alternative. I will say this month is probably the month that we are going to sell total, although this does not mean much in profit.

[11/28/25, 3:21 AM] i have decided to focus on improving the profit of Costa Coral, and reduce the amount of staff. This is to get more per cost of staff. This is better to reduce destress relate dto them and protect us from low months sales.

[11/28/25, 3:21 AM] Currently I have put on hold the idea of exploring B2B business.

[11/28/25, 3:24 AM] Today I had a discussion with Florencia, she argued that she could do her wok seated, while I asked to not do it. She said that in other places this was possible and I said the we don't do that in Costa Coral. The problem is her actitud, I will not be explaining basic stuff, Only requested it

[11/28/25, 3:33 AM] My thinking on why ineedto focus on costa coral, before b2b model is because I need to prove the solution I sell. Be a video service or something else. So a profitable restaurant, will be a proof of what I can do for others. We will be a unique agency that knows the pain of restaurant and also the way to solve them. We will lack moralgroung If we planned to sell something that has worked on us. I have published tiktoks and spend money on ads on TikTok, but a low profit model makes very hard to make a profit because it doesn't scale well even at higher sales like 150,000 of sales a month, So its pointless to focus on TikTok if the return is minimal

[11/28/25, 3:36 AM] The 10 ROAS in TikTok was at first, it has reduced a little bit, I suposse it will continue to reduce becuause at first we focused on new viewers, and now many of them already  know us.

[11/28/25, 3:49 AM] Here are some important facts, ideas. Present state and possible future paths I am considering 

1. Core business: Costa Coral

Concept: Costa Coral – seafood taco buffet in Morelia, located on a busy, low-income street.

Main products now:

Taco Trio – 3 tacos.

Buffet Básico – cheaper buffet tier (no shrimp plates).

Buffet Premium – more variety, includes shrimp plates like Plato Camarones Louisiana and Mojo and special items like Taco Costa Coral.


Mechanics:

All-you-can-eat tacos during open hours (typically ~13:00–18:30).

Rule: 3 tacos at a time per order (not always strictly enforced).

Self-service salad/salsa bar (vegetables, salsas, limón).


Measured behavior:

Average tacos per buffet customer: ≈6.8–7.

Salad bar adds ≈2 MXN per taco in cost.


Customer segments (very important):

1. Destination / social media customers – discover via TikTok/Facebook, often drive or travel specifically for the buffet, higher willingness to pay (600–1000 MXN per table).


2. Local / street pedestrians – pass by daily, low income, typically don’t come in because buffet ticket (199–289) is too high for a random weekday; they are almost absent from current numbers.





---

2. Historical prices & demand

Most relevant price ladders:

Past/current typical:

Trio: 169

Básico: 199 (you later tested 219)

Premium: 269


Proposed / modeled:

Model A ladder: 169 / 229 / 289 (Trio / Básico / Premium).


Mix at 169/199/269 (based on your data & observations):

Trio: 25% of people

Básico: 25%

Premium: 50%



Behavior / perception:

Básico at 199 felt like a strong “hook” price. At 219, demand looked weaker.

Premium at 269 had strong demand because shrimp plates & variety are perceived as a good deal.

You’re worried that Premium at 299 may be too high for enough people to sustain staff & capacity.



---

3. Monthly sales reality (May–Nov 2025)

From your real data (tickets pagados, no cancelados):

Sales per month:

May: 133,173.20 (221 tickets; 546 people; avg ticket 602.59; 2.47 ppl/ticket)

Jun: 120,924.80 (209; 494; 578.59; 2.36)

Jul: 109,546.21 (173; 441; 633.22; 2.55)

Aug: 106,231.01 (173; 434; 614.05; 2.51)

Sep: 85,911.20 (144; 347; 596.61; 2.41)

Oct: 140,144.80 (237; 545; 591.33; 2.30)

Nov (until 24th): 130,039.30 (185; 403; 702.92; 2.18)


You think November will close around 152,000 MXN.


Sales quality bands (your lived experience):

Very low month: ≈80,000 MXN

Common range: 105,000–110,000 MXN

Good month: ≈140,000 MXN

Rare peak: ≈150,000 MXN



---

4. Daily pattern (last 4 months, no Tuesdays)

Average per day (tickets paid & not cancelled):

Mon: 2,459.62; tickets/día 4.41; people 10.29

Tue: 2,366.00 (BUT only 1 Tuesday → outlier)

Wed: 3,012.19; tickets 4.67; people 11.13

Thu: 2,331.46; tickets 4.44; people 10.13

Fri: 3,298.65; tickets 5.53; people 11.88

Sat: 7,171.61; tickets 12.06; people 26.78

Sun: 9,754.18; tickets 13.72; people 35.56


Ignoring Tuesday (you’re closed most Tuesdays):

Weekly (Mon, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat, Sun) ≈ 28,027.71 MXN

Monthly (×4.33 weeks) ≈ 121,360 MXN sales.


This 121k/month is your realistic “current pattern” baseline with 6 open days.


---

5. Cost structure – old “heavy” model vs corrected

5.1. Fixed + ads (same in all scenarios)

Approx per month:

Rent: 13,650

Electricity: ~6,000

Water: 400

Gas: 1,000

Internet: 300

Accountant: 1,400

Garbage: ~520

Security: ~4,333

Ads: ~4,000

→ Total fixed + ads ≈ 31,230 MXN/mes


5.2. Staff structures

OLD assumption (5 staff, used in first model)

Flor: 2,400/week

Florencia: 2,000/week

Leslye: 2,050/week

Monse (weekend): 800/week

Yeni (weekend): 700/week


We had:

Staff wages ≈ 34,423.5 MXN/month

Staff food ≈ 2,276.5 MXN/month

→ Total staff ≈ 36,700 MXN/mes


Total overhead:

O_heavy = 36,700 + 31,230 = 67,930 MXN/mes


Later we corrected that Florencia was NOT actually working yet (she was added for a future “open Tuesday” plan). So real heavy structure is:

Corrected heavy (without Florencia)

Real workers: Flor, Leslye, Monse, Yeni (4 people).

Recalculated:

Wages ≈ 25,763.5 MXN/mes

Staff food ≈ 1,821.2 MXN/mes

→ Staff ≈ 27,585 MXN/mes


Overhead now:

O_noF = 27,585 + 31,230 ≈ 58,815 MXN/mes



Slim staff (Model A / lean)

This is your desired lean structure:

Week (baseline slim):

Flor: full week

Florencia: full week

Monse: weekends

You on floor


Monthly staff (incl. food) ≈ 24,000 MXN/mes.

Overhead:

O_slim = 24,000 + 31,230 = 55,230 MXN/mes



We also considered a 4-person slim+ staff (Flor + Florencia + Leslye + Monse):

Staff total ≈ 33,214 MXN/mes

Overhead:

O_4staff = 33,214 + 31,230 ≈ 64,444 MXN/mes




---

6. Reconstructed COGS & margins

Using your CSV + cost-per-taco sheet + invoices:

6.1. Food + salad

Buffet Básico:

Weighted average taco cost (food only): ≈8.51 MXN


Buffet Premium:

Weighted average taco cost (food only): ≈11.37 MXN


Salad bar ≈2 MXN per taco.


With 6.8 tacos per buffet person:

Básico food+salad cost per customer:
(8.51 + 2) × 6.8 ≈ 71.5 MXN

Premium food+salad cost per customer:
(11.37 + 2) × 6.8 ≈ 90.9 MXN


Taco Trio:

COGS per Trio ≈ 51 MXN at price 169 → 30.2% food-only COGS.


At prices 169 / 229 / 289:

Trio: 51 / 169 ≈ 30.2% COGS

Básico: 71.5 / 229 ≈ 31.2% COGS

Premium: 90.9 / 289 ≈ 31.5% COGS


With mix 25/25/50:

Blended food+salad COGS ≈ 31.1% of sales.


6.2. Drinks, tortillas, cheese, extras

Using invoices & your estimates:

Drinks (Coca + agua with refill) ≈ 4.7–4.9% of sales.

Tortillas + cheese + daily pequeñas compras ≈ 1.5–2%.


So:

With free agua for reservations → total COGS ≈ 39% of sales.
→ Gross margin ≈ 61%.

With no free agua promo (agua always paid) → total COGS ≈ 37%.
→ Gross margin ≈ 63%.


These 37–39% COGS numbers are consistent across scenarios.


---

7. Profit formulas by scenario

7.1. “Today” – heavy staff (no Florencia), free agua, 169/219/269

Overhead: O_noF ≈ 58,815.

COGS ≈ 39% → margin ≈ 61%.


Profit:

> Profit_actual(R) = 0.61·R − 58,815



Break-even:

R ≈ 58,815 / 0.61 ≈ 96,400 MXN/mes


Profit at ~121,360 (current 6-day pattern):

Profit ≈ 0.61·121,360 − 58,815 ≈ 14.9k MXN
(earlier we had ~6k when using the 5-staff assumption; corrected model with no Florencia improves that).


Month-by-month with O_noF and 61% margin:

May (133,173) → ≈ 22.4k

Jun (120,925) → ≈ 14.9k

Jul (109,546) → ≈ 8.0k

Aug (106,231) → ≈ 6.0k

Sep (85,911) → ≈ −6.4k

Oct (140,145) → ≈ 26.7k

Nov partial (130,039) → ≈ 20.5k


So: current structure + free agua gives moderate profits in good months, and losses in very low months.

7.2. Slim staff (Model A), no free agua, 169/229/289, full Premium menu

Overhead: O_slim = 55,230.

Total COGS ≈ 37% → margin ≈ 63%.


Profit:

> Profit_A(R) = 0.63·R − 55,230



Break-even:

R_BE ≈ 55,230 / 0.63 ≈ 87,700 MXN/mes


Key points:

At 80k: ≈ −4.8k

105k: ≈ 10.9k

110k: ≈ 14.1k

120k: ≈ 20.4k

130k: ≈ 26.7k

150k: ≈ 39.3k


At your realistic current pattern R ≈ 121,360:

Profit_A ≈ 0.63·121,360 − 55,230 ≈ 21.2k MXN/mes


So just moving to slim staff + 169/229/289 + no free agua converts your typical month into ~21k profit.

7.3. Slim staff, no free agua, 169/219/269 (same prices, only structure + water change)

You also considered:

Keeping prices 169/219/269 initially, but switching to slim staff and removing free agua.


Then:

Overhead: 55,230.

Total COGS ≈ 38% → margin ≈ 62%.


Approx profit:

> Profit_B(R) ≈ 0.62·R − 55,230



At R = 120k:

Profit_B ≈ 0.62·120,000 − 55,230 ≈ 19k+ MXN


This scenario is very gentle on customers (no price increases, only water policy change) but already pushes you near 20k/month profit.

7.4. 4 staff + you, 169/229/289, no free agua

Overhead: O_4staff ≈ 64,444.

Margin ≈ 63%.


Profit:

> Profit_C(R) = 0.63·R − 64,444



At 120k:

Profit_C ≈ 11.2k (worse than slim staff by ~9k at same sales).


So C is dominated by Model A: same customer impact but lower profit.

7.5. 4 staff + you, 169/229/269, no free agua, Premium WITHOUT Louisiana & Costa Coral

This is the “Premium 269 but weaker product” scenario:

Overhead: 64,444.

Removing Louisiana + Costa Coral slightly reduces Premium cost per person but price also drops; net effect: Premium margin% is worse than Básico at 269.

Blended COGS ≈ 38%, margin ≈ 62%.


Profit:

> Profit_269(R) ≈ 0.62·R − 64,444



At R = 152k (your Nov forecast):

289 scenario profit ≈ 31.3k

269-without-Lousiana/Costa scenario ≈ 29.9k


So dropping Premium price and killing flagship dishes lowers profit and hurts perceived value.


---

8. Water (agua con refill) impact

Historically:

Reservations got agua con refill for free.

A large fraction of customers (≈60%) come via reservations.

This makes beverage COGS higher while beverage revenue is lower, pushing total COGS % toward 39–40%.


In scenarios where you remove the free agua promo (everyone pays for agua):

Beverage COGS as % of sales drops.

Total COGS improves from ~39% → ~37%.

Combined with slim staff, this is a major driver of profit improvement without visible “price hikes” on the main buffet products.



---

9. Two customer segments & non–zero-sum insight

You realized an important strategic point:

Current math assumed a zero-sum game (same total R, just slicing between buffet & tacos).

But in reality there are two distinct markets:

1. Destination, social media, higher-ticket buffet crowd.


2. Local low-income pedestrians who virtually never come now.




Per-taco pricing at ~3.3× COGS can:

Create a new revenue stream from locals who only have 60–100 MXN.

Protect you in bad months (e.g., February) when buffet tickets feel too heavy.

Still keep buffet attractive for heavy eaters.


The key is:

> Per-taco is not just another way to charge existing buffet customers; it’s a way to sell to people who currently do not show up at all.




---

10. Per-taco model – numbers

10.1. Safe per-taco pricing

For Básico-type tacos:

COGS (with salad bar) ≈ 9–10.5 MXN.


If you sell them:

At 29 MXN → COGS% ≈ 31–36%; heavy eaters can become less profitable than buffet.

At 33 MXN (3.3×) → COGS% ≈ 28–32%; for a 7-taco eater:

7 × 33 = 231 MXN ≈ Básico buffet @229, so economics are preserved.



For more expensive tacos (shrimp, etc., COGS 15–18 MXN):

Per-taco price band should be ≈ 49–59 MXN to maintain ~30–32% COGS.


10.2. New local taco segment example

Conservative example:

8 new local customers per weekday-like day (Mon, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat).

Each eats 2.5 tacos.

Month has ≈ 21.6 such days.


Then:

New customers: ~173/month.

Tacos sold: ~433/month.

Revenue: 433 × 33 ≈ 14,300 MXN/mes.

COGS: 433 × 10 ≈ 4,330 MXN.

Gross profit from this new segment alone: ≈10k MXN/mes.


This sits on top of buffet; it did not exist before.


---

11. Combined scenarios with per-taco + slim staff

We’ve effectively converged on this target operating model:

Staff:

Weekdays (Mon, Wed, Thu, Fri): 2 in kitchen + you.

Weekend (Sat, Sun): 3 in kitchen + you.

Staff ≈ 24,000 MXN/mes; overhead 55,230.


COGS target: 37% (buffet + tacos), margin 63%.

Buffet prices: target 169 / 229 / 289.

Water: no free agua with reservation.

No mixed tables: either all buffet or all tacos at a table.


Key scenario you just defined:

> “Sell individually to 20 customers on weekdays and 4 on weekend days, on top of existing buffet, with buffet at 229/289.”



Assumptions used:

20 taco customers per weekday (Mon, Wed, Thu, Fri), 4 per day on Sat–Sun.

Week = 4 weekdays + 2 weekend days in this count → 88 taco customers/week.

Month ≈ 4.33 weeks → ≈381 taco customers/month.

Each eats 2.5 tacos → ~953 tacos/month.

Per-taco: price 33, COGS 10.


Then:

Taco revenue: 953 × 33 ≈ 31,436 MXN.

Taco COGS: 953 × 10 ≈ 9,526 MXN.

Taco gross profit: ≈21,900 MXN.


Buffet side:

With 169/229/289 and your current buffet traffic, we estimated buffet sales ≈ 129,143 MXN/mes.

Profit from buffet + slim staff (no tacos): ≈ 26,130 MXN/mes.


Add tacos:

Total revenue: 129,143 + 31,436 ≈ 160,579 MXN/mes.

Profit with margin 63% and overhead 55,230:

0.63 × 160,579 − 55,230 ≈ 45,934 MXN/mes.



So:

> Under slim staff + 169/229/289 + no free agua + tacos to 20 weekday/4 weekend customers, you land around 46k MXN/month profit at ≈160.6k MXN in revenue.



That’s roughly:

3× better than your old ~14–15k profit in May/Oct under heavy staff.

~2× better than the ~21k from buffet-only slim staff.



---

12. Best paths (stepwise strategy)

Step 1 – Structural fix with minimal customer shock

Move to slim staff:

Weekdays: 2 in kitchen + you.

Weekends: 3 in kitchen + you.


Kill free agua with reservation.

Option A (softest): keep prices at 169/219/269 for a short period → Profit ≈ 19k/mes at ~120k sales.

Option B (main target): go to 169/229/289 with full Premium menu → Profit ≈ 21k/mes at 121k, ≈31k at 152k.


This alone makes the business healthy without changing the “product concept.”

Step 2 – Add per-taco line as a separate product for locals

Design per-taco pricing at ≈3.3× COGS:

Básico-type tacos: 33–35 MXN.

Mid-cost: 39–45 MXN.

Shrimp / high-cost: 49–59 MXN.


Enforce:

No mixed tables.

Messaging: buffet = “full experience / probar todo”; tacos = “opción económica / 2–4 tacos”.


Start small:

Offer per-taco only on selected weekdays and time windows (e.g., Wed–Fri, 1–5 pm).

Track:

taco customers/día.

Avg tacos/person.

Avg ticket for tacos.

Signs of cannibalization from buffet vs. new local faces.




Goal: validate that you can attract at least ~8–20 locals per weekday without killing buffet.

Step 3 – Solidify the low-staff, dual-engine model

If data shows:

Per-taco segment adds 10–20k MXN gross monthly.

Buffet traffic remains strong on weekends.

COGS stays around 37% overall.


Then you can lock in:

Staff: 2 weekdays / 3 weekend.

Prices: 169/229/289 for buffet + 3.3× for tacos.

No free agua.


At that point:

A typical 130–160k month under this model yields 30–45k MXN profit.

Low months (e.g., 100–110k) still produce profit instead of loss, thanks to:

Lower fixed overhead.

Extra local taco demand at low tickets.




---

This summary captures:

All core facts (prices, COGS, staff costs, sales levels).

The relationships (how profit depends on R in each scenario).

The scenarios (heavy vs slim, with/without free agua, with/without taco line, 269 vs 289 Premium).

The current state (around 120–130k sales, ~15–20k profit with corrected numbers).

The possible future states:

Slim buffet-only (~21–31k profit depending on sales).

Slim buffet + taco engine (~30–46k profit).


And the best path:

Fix structure & water → add per-taco as a new local funnel → then solidify higher buffet prices once the lower-staff, dual-engine model is working.

[11/28/25, 6:39 AM] I still have problems to go to sleep before 12am

[11/28/25, 9:49 AM] Here are some important facts, ideas. Present state and possible future paths I am considering
1. Core business: Costa Coral
Concept: Costa Coral – seafood taco buffet in Morelia, located on a busy, low-income street.
Main products now:
Taco Trio – 3 tacos.
Buffet Básico – cheaper buffet tier (no shrimp plates).
Buffet Premium – more variety, includes shrimp plates like Plato Camarones Louisiana and Mojo and special items like Taco Costa Coral.
Mechanics:
All-you-can-eat tacos during open hours (typically ~13:00–18:30).
Rule: 3 tacos at a time per order (not always strictly enforced).
Self-service salad/salsa bar (vegetables, salsas, limón).
Measured behavior:
Average tacos per buffet customer: ≈6.8–7.
Salad bar adds ≈2 MXN per taco in cost.
Customer segments (very important):
1. Destination / social media customers – discover via TikTok/Facebook, often drive or travel specifically for the buffet, higher willingness to pay (600–1000 MXN per table).
2. Local / street pedestrians – pass by daily, low income, typically don’t come in because buffet ticket (199–289) is too high for a random weekday; they are almost absent from current numbers.
---
2. Historical prices & demand
Most relevant price ladders:
Past/current typical:
Trio: 169
Básico: 199 (you later tested 219)
Premium: 269
Proposed / modeled:
Model A ladder: 169 / 229 / 289 (Trio / Básico / Premium).
Mix at 169/199/269 (based on your data & observations):
Trio: 25% of people
Básico: 25%
Premium: 50%
Behavior / perception:
Básico at 199 felt like a strong “hook” price. At 219, demand looked weaker.
Premium at 269 had strong demand because shrimp plates & variety are perceived as a good deal.
You’re worried that Premium at 299 may be too high for enough people to sustain staff & capacity.
---
3. Monthly sales reality (May–Nov 2025)
From your real data (tickets pagados, no cancelados):
Sales per month:
May: 133,173.20 (221 tickets; 546 people; avg ticket 602.59; 2.47 ppl/ticket)
Jun: 120,924.80 (209; 494; 578.59; 2.36)
Jul: 109,546.21 (173; 441; 633.22; 2.55)
Aug: 106,231.01 (173; 434; 614.05; 2.51)
Sep: 85,911.20 (144; 347; 596.61; 2.41)
Oct: 140,144.80 (237; 545; 591.33; 2.30)
Nov (until 24th): 130,039.30 (185; 403; 702.92; 2.18)
You think November will close around 152,000 MXN.
Sales quality bands (your lived experience):
Very low month: ≈80,000 MXN
Common range: 105,000–110,000 MXN
Good month: ≈140,000 MXN
Rare peak: ≈150,000 MXN
---
4. Daily pattern (last 4 months, no Tuesdays)
Average per day (tickets paid & not cancelled):
Mon: 2,459.62; tickets/día 4.41; people 10.29
Tue: 2,366.00 (BUT only 1 Tuesday → outlier)
Wed: 3,012.19; tickets 4.67; people 11.13
Thu: 2,331.46; tickets 4.44; people 10.13
Fri: 3,298.65; tickets 5.53; people 11.88
Sat: 7,171.61; tickets 12.06; people 26.78
Sun: 9,754.18; tickets 13.72; people 35.56
Ignoring Tuesday (you’re closed most Tuesdays):
Weekly (Mon, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat, Sun) ≈ 28,027.71 MXN
Monthly (×4.33 weeks) ≈ 121,360 MXN sales.
This 121k/month is your realistic “current pattern” baseline with 6 open days.
---
5. Cost structure – old “heavy” model vs corrected
5.1. Fixed + ads (same in all scenarios)
Approx per month:
Rent: 13,650
Electricity: ~6,000
Water: 400
Gas: 1,000
Internet: 300
Accountant: 1,400
Garbage: ~520
Security: ~4,333
Ads: ~4,000
→ Total fixed + ads ≈ 31,230 MXN/mes
5.2. Staff structures
OLD assumption (5 staff, used in first model)
Flor: 2,400/week
Florencia: 2,000/week
Leslye: 2,050/week
Monse (weekend): 800/week
Yeni (weekend): 700/week
We had:
Staff wages ≈ 34,423.5 MXN/month
Staff food ≈ 2,276.5 MXN/month
→ Total staff ≈ 36,700 MXN/mes
Total overhead:
O_heavy = 36,700 + 31,230 = 67,930 MXN/mes
Later we corrected that Florencia was NOT actually working yet (she was added for a future “open Tuesday” plan). So real heavy structure is:
Corrected heavy (without Florencia)
Real workers: Flor, Leslye, Monse, Yeni (4 people).
Recalculated:
Wages ≈ 25,763.5 MXN/mes
Staff food ≈ 1,821.2 MXN/mes
→ Staff ≈ 27,585 MXN/mes
Overhead now:
O_noF = 27,585 + 31,230 ≈ 58,815 MXN/mes
Slim staff (Model A / lean)
This is your desired lean structure:
Week (baseline slim):
Flor: full week
Florencia: full week
Monse: weekends
You on floor
Monthly staff (incl. food) ≈ 24,000 MXN/mes.
Overhead:
O_slim = 24,000 + 31,230 = 55,230 MXN/mes
We also considered a 4-person slim+ staff (Flor + Florencia + Leslye + Monse):
Staff total ≈ 33,214 MXN/mes
Overhead:
O_4staff = 33,214 + 31,230 ≈ 64,444 MXN/mes
---
6. Reconstructed COGS & margins
Using your CSV + cost-per-taco sheet + invoices:
6.1. Food + salad
Buffet Básico:
Weighted average taco cost (food only): ≈8.51 MXN
Buffet Premium:
Weighted average taco cost (food only): ≈11.37 MXN
Salad bar ≈2 MXN per taco.
With 6.8 tacos per buffet person:
Básico food+salad cost per customer:
(8.51 + 2) × 6.8 ≈ 71.5 MXN
Premium food+salad cost per customer:
(11.37 + 2) × 6.8 ≈ 90.9 MXN
Taco Trio:
COGS per Trio ≈ 51 MXN at price 169 → 30.2% food-only COGS.
At prices 169 / 229 / 289:
Trio: 51 / 169 ≈ 30.2% COGS
Básico: 71.5 / 229 ≈ 31.2% COGS
Premium: 90.9 / 289 ≈ 31.5% COGS
With mix 25/25/50:
Blended food+salad COGS ≈ 31.1% of sales.
6.2. Drinks, tortillas, cheese, extras
Using invoices & your estimates:
Drinks (Coca + agua with refill) ≈ 4.7–4.9% of sales.
Tortillas + cheese + daily pequeñas compras ≈ 1.5–2%.
So:
With free agua for reservations → total COGS ≈ 39% of sales.
→ Gross margin ≈ 61%.
With no free agua promo (agua always paid) → total COGS ≈ 37%.
→ Gross margin ≈ 63%.
These 37–39% COGS numbers are consistent across scenarios.
---
7. Profit formulas by scenario
7.1. “Today” – heavy staff (no Florencia), free agua, 169/219/269
Overhead: O_noF ≈ 58,815.
COGS ≈ 39% → margin ≈ 61%.
Profit:
> Profit_actual(R) = 0.61·R − 58,815
Break-even:
R ≈ 58,815 / 0.61 ≈ 96,400 MXN/mes
Profit at ~121,360 (current 6-day pattern):
Profit ≈ 0.61·121,360 − 58,815 ≈ 14.9k MXN
(earlier we had ~6k when using the 5-staff assumption; corrected model with no Florencia improves that).
Month-by-month with O_noF and 61% margin:
May (133,173) → ≈ 22.4k
Jun (120,925) → ≈ 14.9k
Jul (109,546) → ≈ 8.0k
Aug (106,231) → ≈ 6.0k
Sep (85,911) → ≈ −6.4k
Oct (140,145) → ≈ 26.7k
Nov partial (130,039) → ≈ 20.5k
So: current structure + free agua gives moderate profits in good months, and losses in very low months.
7.2. Slim staff (Model A), no free agua, 169/229/289, full Premium menu
Overhead: O_slim = 55,230.
Total COGS ≈ 37% → margin ≈ 63%.
Profit:
> Profit_A(R) = 0.63·R − 55,230
Break-even:
R_BE ≈ 55,230 / 0.63 ≈ 87,700 MXN/mes
Key points:
At 80k: ≈ −4.8k
105k: ≈ 10.9k
110k: ≈ 14.1k
120k: ≈ 20.4k
130k: ≈ 26.7k
150k: ≈ 39.3k
At your realistic current pattern R ≈ 121,360:
Profit_A ≈ 0.63·121,360 − 55,230 ≈ 21.2k MXN/mes
So just moving to slim staff + 169/229/289 + no free agua converts your typical month into ~21k profit.
7.3. Slim staff, no free agua, 169/219/269 (same prices, only structure + water change)
You also considered:
Keeping prices 169/219/269 initially, but switching to slim staff and removing free agua.
Then:
Overhead: 55,230.
Total COGS ≈ 38% → margin ≈ 62%.
Approx profit:
> Profit_B(R) ≈ 0.62·R − 55,230
At R = 120k:
Profit_B ≈ 0.62·120,000 − 55,230 ≈ 19k+ MXN
This scenario is very gentle on customers (no price increases, only water policy change) but already pushes you near 20k/month profit.
7.4. 4 staff + you, 169/229/289, no free agua
Overhead: O_4staff ≈ 64,444.
Margin ≈ 63%.
Profit:
> Profit_C(R) = 0.63·R − 64,444
At 120k:
Profit_C ≈ 11.2k (worse than slim staff by ~9k at same sales).
So C is dominated by Model A: same customer impact but lower profit.
7.5. 4 staff + you, 169/229/269, no free agua, Premium WITHOUT Louisiana & Costa Coral
This is the “Premium 269 but weaker product” scenario:
Overhead: 64,444.
Removing Louisiana + Costa Coral slightly reduces Premium cost per person but price also drops; net effect: Premium margin% is worse than Básico at 269.
Blended COGS ≈ 38%, margin ≈ 62%.
Profit:
> Profit_269(R) ≈ 0.62·R − 64,444
At R = 152k (your Nov forecast):
289 scenario profit ≈ 31.3k
269-without-Lousiana/Costa scenario ≈ 29.9k
So dropping Premium price and killing flagship dishes lowers profit and hurts perceived value.
---
8. Water (agua con refill) impact
Historically:
Reservations got agua con refill for free.
A large fraction of customers (≈60%) come via reservations.
This makes beverage COGS higher while beverage revenue is lower, pushing total COGS % toward 39–40%.
In scenarios where you remove the free agua promo (everyone pays for agua):
Beverage COGS as % of sales drops.
Total COGS improves from ~39% → ~37%.
Combined with slim staff, this is a major driver of profit improvement without visible “price hikes” on the main buffet products.
---
9. Two customer segments & non–zero-sum insight
You realized an important strategic point:
Current math assumed a zero-sum game (same total R, just slicing between buffet & tacos).
But in reality there are two distinct markets:
1. Destination, social media, higher-ticket buffet crowd.
2. Local low-income pedestrians who virtually never come now.
Per-taco pricing at ~3.3× COGS can:
Create a new revenue stream from locals who only have 60–100 MXN.
Protect you in bad months (e.g., February) when buffet tickets feel too heavy.
Still keep buffet attractive for heavy eaters.
The key is:
> Per-taco is not just another way to charge existing buffet customers; it’s a way to sell to people who currently do not show up at all.
---
10. Per-taco model – numbers
10.1. Safe per-taco pricing
For Básico-type tacos:
COGS (with salad bar) ≈ 9–10.5 MXN.
If you sell them:
At 29 MXN → COGS% ≈ 31–36%; heavy eaters can become less profitable than buffet.
At 33 MXN (3.3×) → COGS% ≈ 28–32%; for a 7-taco eater:
7 × 33 = 231 MXN ≈ Básico buffet @229, so economics are preserved.
For more expensive tacos (shrimp, etc., COGS 15–18 MXN):
Per-taco price band should be ≈ 49–59 MXN to maintain ~30–32% COGS.
10.2. New local taco segment example
Conservative example:
8 new local customers per weekday-like day (Mon, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat).
Each eats 2.5 tacos.
Month has ≈ 21.6 such days.
Then:
New customers: ~173/month.
Tacos sold: ~433/month.
Revenue: 433 × 33 ≈ 14,300 MXN/mes.
COGS: 433 × 10 ≈ 4,330 MXN.
Gross profit from this new segment alone: ≈10k MXN/mes.
This sits on top of buffet; it did not exist before.
---
11. Combined scenarios with per-taco + slim staff
We’ve effectively converged on this target operating model:
Staff:
Weekdays (Mon, Wed, Thu, Fri): 2 in kitchen + you.
Weekend (Sat, Sun): 3 in kitchen + you.
Staff ≈ 24,000 MXN/mes; overhead 55,230.
COGS target: 37% (buffet + tacos), margin 63%.
Buffet prices: target 169 / 229 / 289.
Water: no free agua with reservation.
No mixed tables: either all buffet or all tacos at a table.
Key scenario you just defined:
> “Sell individually to 20 customers on weekdays and 4 on weekend days, on top of existing buffet, with buffet at 229/289.”
Assumptions used:
20 taco customers per weekday (Mon, Wed, Thu, Fri), 4 per day on Sat–Sun.
Week = 4 weekdays + 2 weekend days in this count → 88 taco customers/week.
Month ≈ 4.33 weeks → ≈381 taco customers/month.
Each eats 2.5 tacos → ~953 tacos/month.
Per-taco: price 33, COGS 10.
Then:
Taco revenue: 953 × 33 ≈ 31,436 MXN.
Taco COGS: 953 × 10 ≈ 9,526 MXN.
Taco gross profit: ≈21,900 MXN.
Buffet side:
With 169/229/289 and your current buffet traffic, we estimated buffet sales ≈ 129,143 MXN/mes.
Profit from buffet + slim staff (no tacos): ≈ 26,130 MXN/mes.
Add tacos:
Total revenue: 129,143 + 31,436 ≈ 160,579 MXN/mes.
Profit with margin 63% and overhead 55,230:
0.63 × 160,579 − 55,230 ≈ 45,934 MXN/mes.
So:
> Under slim staff + 169/229/289 + no free agua + tacos to 20 weekday/4 weekend customers, you land around 46k MXN/month profit at ≈160.6k MXN in revenue.
That’s roughly:
3× better than your old ~14–15k profit in May/Oct under heavy staff.
~2× better than the ~21k from buffet-only slim staff.
---
12. Best paths (stepwise strategy)
Step 1 – Structural fix with minimal customer shock
Move to slim staff:
Weekdays: 2 in kitchen + you.
Weekends: 3 in kitchen + you.
Kill free agua with reservation.
Option A (softest): keep prices at 169/219/269 for a short period → Profit ≈ 19k/mes at ~120k sales.
Option B (main target): go to 169/229/289 with full Premium menu → Profit ≈ 21k/mes at 121k, ≈31k at 152k.
This alone makes the business healthy without changing the “product concept.”
Step 2 – Add per-taco line as a separate product for locals
Design per-taco pricing at ≈3.3× COGS:
Básico-type tacos: 33–35 MXN.
Mid-cost: 39–45 MXN.
Shrimp / high-cost: 49–59 MXN.
Enforce:
No mixed tables.
Messaging: buffet = “full experience / probar todo”; tacos = “opción económica / 2–4 tacos”.
Start small:
Offer per-taco only on selected weekdays and time windows (e.g., Wed–Fri, 1–5 pm).
Track:
taco customers/día.
Avg tacos/person.
Avg ticket for tacos.
Signs of cannibalization from buffet vs. new local faces.
Goal: validate that you can attract at least ~8–20 locals per weekday without killing buffet.
Step 3 – Solidify the low-staff, dual-engine model
If data shows:
Per-taco segment adds 10–20k MXN gross monthly.
Buffet traffic remains strong on weekends.
COGS stays around 37% overall.
Then you can lock in:
Staff: 2 weekdays / 3 weekend.
Prices: 169/229/289 for buffet + 3.3× for tacos.
No free agua.
At that point:
A typical 130–160k month under this model yields 30–45k MXN profit.
Low months (e.g., 100–110k) still produce profit instead of loss, thanks to:
Lower fixed overhead.
Extra local taco demand at low tickets.
---
This summary captures:
All core facts (prices, COGS, staff costs, sales levels).
The relationships (how profit depends on R in each scenario).
The scenarios (heavy vs slim, with/without free agua, with/without taco line, 269 vs 289 Premium).
The current state (around 120–130k sales, ~15–20k profit with corrected numbers).
The possible future states:
Slim buffet-only (~21–31k profit depending on sales).
Slim buffet + taco engine (~30–46k profit).
And the best path:
Fix structure & water → add per-taco as a new local funnel → then solidify higher buffet prices once the lower-staff, dual-engine model is working.

[12/1/25, 9:40 PM] We sold 170685.95 on November 2025

[12/2/25, 3:55 PM] I have managed to go to sleep early (before 12am) this week. I hope I can keep on doing it.

[12/2/25, 6:25 PM] Sales & Profit Facts
 * November 2025 Sales: $170,685.95.
 * October 2025 Sales: $140,144.80.
 * Net Profit Margin: Approximately 17% of total sales.
 * TikTok Ad Performance: Initial tests showed a 10x Return on Ad Spend (ROAS), though effectiveness has decreased as the audience is no longer new.
Specific Expenses
Fixed Monthly Expenses
 * Rent: $13,650.
 * Electricity: ~$6,000.
 * Security: ~$4,333.
 * Ads: ~$4,000.
 * Accountant: $1,400.
 * Gas: $1,000.
 * Garbage: ~$520.
 * Water: $400.
 * Internet: $300.
Staff Wages (Weekly)
 * Flor: $2,400.
 * Leslye: $2,050.
 * Monse (Weekend only): $800.
 * Yeni (Weekend only): $700.
Production Costs
 * Cost of Goods Sold (COGS): Represents 41% of total sales.
 * Buffet Básico Cost: ~$89–$90 per customer.
 * Buffet Premium Cost: ~$119 per customer.
 * Beverages: 4.7%–4.9% of sales.
 * Tortillas, Cheese, Daily Supplies: 1.5%–2% of sales.
Implemented Prices
 * Taco Trio: $169.
 * Buffet Básico: $199.
 * Buffet Premium: $269.
Operational Facts
 * Active Staff: Florencia is no longer employed; the active team consists of Flor, Leslye, Monse, and Yeni.
 * Water Policy: Reservations currently receive free water with refills.
 * Alcohol License: Not held; the cost to acquire one is $60,000.

[12/2/25, 6:30 PM] For some reason in a note it seems like my profit for November is November, which should provide financial tranquility, yields an estimated profit of only 45,299 MXN. This is not true. If profit is around 17 % of sales with current structure, obviously this is not possible

[12/3/25, 12:25 AM] Sales & Profit Facts
* November 2025 Sales: $170,685.95.
* October 2025 Sales: $140,144.80.
* Net Profit Margin: Approximately 17% of total sales.
* TikTok Ad Performance: Initial tests showed a 10x Return on Ad Spend (ROAS), though effectiveness has decreased as the audience is no longer new.
Specific Expenses
Fixed Monthly Expenses
* Rent: $13,650.
* Electricity: ~$6,000.
* Security: ~$4,333.
* Ads: ~$4,000.
* Accountant: $1,400.
* Gas: $1,000.
* Garbage: ~$520.
* Water: $400.
* Internet: $300.
Staff Wages (Weekly)
* Flor: $2,400.
* Leslye: $2,050.
* Monse (Weekend only): $800.
* Yeni (Weekend only): $700.
Production Costs
* Cost of Goods Sold (COGS): Represents 41% of total sales.
* Buffet Básico Cost: ~$89–$90 per customer.
* Buffet Premium Cost: ~$119 per customer.
* Beverages: 4.7%–4.9% of sales.
* Tortillas, Cheese, Daily Supplies: 1.5%–2% of sales.
Implemented Prices
* Taco Trio: $169.
* Buffet Básico: $199.
* Buffet Premium: $269.
Operational Facts
* Active Staff: Florencia is no longer employed; the active team consists of Flor, Leslye, Monse, and Yeni.
* Water Policy: Reservations currently receive free water with refills.
* Alcohol License: Not held; the cost to acquire one is $60,000.

[12/3/25, 6:12 AM] I didn't implement the idea of videos for other restaurants because of the idea to coordinate other people to do the videos. Will be the same as the restaurant. The problems with dealing with staff is awful in Mexico. Too many variables. At least the restaurant is working

[12/3/25, 6:25 AM] I have modeled many scenarios using AI on what could I do with Costa Coral and the possible outcomes. Given that a $30,000 mxn to $40,000 mxn is possible doing some changes. Makes me want to focus on costa coral. For reference my rent of my house is $7000 mxn. Now the question is, would costumers accept those changes? I don't know but is probable. To the point that I will implement one by one in the following weeks. I like Costa Coral and the idea of a restaurant, when I remove the pressure of making payments and surviving, the idea of optimization and experimentation is something I like. No need for a B2B. The problem is with high problems an no money

[12/4/25, 5:31 AM] Florencia no longer work with us. I fired her on Sunday.

[12/4/25, 5:32 AM] This week we are going to remove one table to attend better our costumers. Because 8 tables can be served well with 2 servers but 10 we need one more.

[12/4/25, 5:35 AM] It's 11:34pm. I'm on the computer playing with AI, I sleep around 1 hour when I arrived from work.

[12/4/25, 6:28 AM] I am scared of dropping demand if I increase prices in the buffet. This is way I want to wait until I first advertise prices of single tacos and have some kind of demand so if the prices drop they don't affect me too much. But for another part is a must we need to in increase prices because the prices of isnumos have rised in the last months, not by much but that is a reason and the main one is that I am making so little money for such an effort

[12/4/25, 7:45 PM] Okay, let's see if this records audio well. I'm going to take advantage of the moments where I'm working in the restaurant to document my plan. I want to say that in the moments that I have the freedom, I will clearly know what I want to say, and not to be slowly losing time in these places.

[12/4/25, 7:47 PM] Here in the restaurant we have two ads for the customers that are passing by. One of them talks about our TACO TRIO that costs 169 pesos and the other is from our buffet and it is handled at 253 pesos. that in reality right now costs 190,000 pesos. I realize that it is striking, so this is an opportunity area that we have to improve, since I notice that the people who buy from us are very limited in the number of people who pass by on the street. But I feel that it is because they bring little money in their pockets. and it is difficult for them to spend 169 or 200 pesos, but it would be much easier for them to spend 60 or 70 pesos. For this reason, it is necessary that we start selling individual products at an affordable price so that the barrier is not too big. And we hope that we can sell them something a little higher, from the water, a more expensive taco. And this contributes to our client base, which is not only the one we can bring through social networks, but also the one that passes and increases our profits.

[12/4/25, 8:44 PM] I have felt a sudden drop on my energy. Don't know if it's a lack of rest, stress or the respiratory infection I got a few weeks ago (most probable) one thing is for sure. I need to eat better, have less sugar in my diet, more veggies and some exercise apart from the one I do at work when walking. I have seen that dropping eating sugar increment my energy.

[12/5/25, 3:37 AM] Ok, it's time to talk. Right now it's 9.35, I'm thinking about whether to eat or not. The truth is that I'm not very hungry and I wouldn't mind not eating, I'll lose a few kilos. It does not sound true, well, in fact, if I do not have something that is not very healthy, I will surely buy something. Right now it does not sound bad the idea of ​​sleeping early, and that would guarantee me to wake up early and not start the day doing something and not start the day already in a hurry. I noticed it when I arrived in Costa Coral early I had time to do more not be in the race and although at the end of the day we had few clients, in reality I have not invested enough in advertising these days We really need a day, maybe free, to regroup and take at least some photos and make some calculations. For example, I took the opportunity to have the new prices for the individual tacos. and this well, it's fine the other days have not been bad in sales, they have been acceptable and I already have a video, a couple of videos to publish on TikTok thanks to to that I hired an influencer who supported me in that this, that's it

[12/5/25, 3:40 AM] I don't know why I'm relaxed when there are many things to do, maybe because the sales have not been bad at costo cobrado and also because I said goodbye to Florencia and well, it was a expense that worried me since I had to force myself to sell more and if not, because if not, I could get into trouble now the boat is lighter without it and obviously I have to optimize our sales, look for a greater margin of gain so that this to have a more acceptable income, then every day that passes is more convinced of the change I have to make within the Coral Coast and that will lead to me having more tranquility but it is also clear to me that being there full time does not allow me to explore other things that I would like to do at this time with all that has been presented of artificial intelligence I would like to be more involved and well currently I cannot do it since I have to be working in Costa Coral however I would like to have the financial capacity and the time to explore with these tools create with these artificial intelligence tools to create tools for me and for others. There is still, for example, all the needs that restaurants have and since they are not covered and can be done with artificial intelligence, maybe there is an opportunity, but my time is very limited and many times I get tired of the house after having been for a long time, well, stopped at the restaurant, maybe I don't know, I want to, I would like to explore what I can do with artificial intelligence, to be able to get money from there and use this tool not to stay behind as many times it has happened to me that I discover something and soon others surpass me since they get more involved in time the time they dedicate to it then I with the little time I have available I use it to be with artificial intelligence, explore, see what can be done. I am interested in knowing the news about artificial intelligence, but if it is not the time I want, the time I want.

[12/5/25, 3:07 PM] Yesterday I went to bed early. Happy for myself. The goal was to be not as pressured today in the morning.and while I didn't wake up at the hour I wanted. I feel like I rest well.

[12/5/25, 5:08 PM] Well, some clarifications. Currently, as I have said in other notes, in three weeks we will only meet, Leslie, Flor and me, and at the end of the week, Jenny and Monser will join. and indeed I have already felt a little more calm because our costs have been significantly reduced. So I know that a bad week is not going to represent a loss. It is more likely that we will find ourselves with a desire, although it is limited, but it will be something more relaxed. We will have to postpone the increase of the full staff until we achieve both making the model more profitable and making our demand more predictable and be able to increase it. So, I will have to go to work as a waiter. Although it is a bit tiring, I think I have to accept it and I want it to work. At this stage, this is what I have to do.

[12/5/25, 5:10 PM] The decision to record my personal and work notes, thoughts and actions, is because previously I realized that I made the same mistakes over and over again. This affected me a lot, for example, I was very impulsive, doing impulsive purchases, where I expected that they would give me a financial result, but many times it didn't happen and I was already indebted. This, among other things, many things that I have decided not to comment on, this through an introspection of everything I do. I think it has worked quite well. It doesn't take me much time, especially because I use it with voice-to-text technology. I do it when I'm walking, etc. I think it's a good tool.

[12/5/25, 5:21 PM] I want to clarify something. Right now, with the staff that we are going to operate with, it is with Leslie and Flor in three weeks, and at the end of the week, Leslie, Flor, Jenny and Monzo. I decided to do this because there is a high probability that at the end of the week the sales will be high enough to justify this amount of staff. I will continue to participate every day, with the exception of Tuesdays, which we do not open. We can stop mentioning Slim Staff because we can no longer reduce it so much without for example possibly getting into problems that on weekends we cannot attend to the flow of customers that we will very likely have. I would say that there is an 80% chance that we will sell between 9,000 pesos a 11,000 pesos actualmente y para esto si se requiere por lo pronto tres personas en cocina y dos personas en piso que son que somos los que vemos si lo redujera este staff me arriesgo a dar a bad service which we cannot do since precisely the people is what those who have qualified us very well in the speed in the flavor in the in service I don want to compromise simply by saving saving 600, 700 pesos, 800 pesos on a weekend to give a bad service. Even so, we are very limited, since on the day that one of the staff gets sick, we risk giving a very bad service. but that's what the finances allow us right now. It is necessary to increase the price of the buffets, but at the same time, to make known our offer of individual tacos, so that those who do not have that capacity to spend 200 pesos 300 pesos 600 pesos in the buffet can spend 80 pesos, 90 pesos, any other day. I have stopped mainly for two things, being a waiter, cleaning, I know that these are low-value activities, but right now I can't afford that someone else does them, because it prevents me from being at home on the computer doing those tasks. And when I get home, many times I get very tired and what I least want is to keep working. I think about a week ago I already felt the burnout, which I must be very careful because that affects all parts of the business.

[12/5/25, 5:25 PM] Flor also told me yesterday that she is worried about being very far from her son, that she sees him as if he were a bad mother. And I understand her, she has to work here for practically eight hours. in Costa Coral, and it takes, let's say, 50 minutes to move from there and 50 to return. So this makes her live very little with her son, she is tired, plus other problems she has. So that makes me think, because she is my most working woman, the one who has worked the most, the one who has... I can say that Costa Coral would not exist without her effort. So we must make Costa Coral a very functional place, for example, in her case, to reduce her working day, and she can spend more time with her son. I think we are smart enough to achieve this. But to achieve this we have to make the cost of the coral more profitable I would like to analyze the numbers to see how much how much we are I don know how to calculate it but yes, that is a fact that the time that they are in the coral coast generates very little money, regardless if it is because we have few people or because or maybe very few clients we force them to pay our expenses are divided by very few people so I also wonder what would happen if we increased our customer base and this is done with individual funds so that the weight of our expenses and our earnings is not distributed among so few clients who are the ones who go to our buffet on the weekend because we have already reached a peak in capacity both in the kitchen and it cannot serve more people and the people who fit into the current space, well, it is also 100% already, let's say, some Sundays. So we can no longer ask for more on the weekend, but if on the weekend, sorry, but if on the three days of the week, where we have very few people. And that's it.

[12/5/25, 5:36 PM] I am clear about the actions I have to make. Maybe I have to have a plan to choose first to make the strategy be the right one. What has happened to me previously? than a price rise and a drop in demand, even if this drop has nothing to do with the price rise but with a matter of the season it generates stress for me So I want to avoid that a little bit as much as possible. But yes, as I read, I can't afford to reason. and get that information, but in a certain way I must pay to obtain that information. In this case, paying, taking the action of increasing the prices, it can be a controlled experiment or already definitively, and see the response of the clients. If we follow the law of supply and demand, Well now at the weekend I could say that we have more people than we can serve at least on some Sundays it has been fulfilled in the last three weeks so it would justify an increase so that those who are willing to pay this increase receive the service and not have to wait at the door or that we give them a bad service because we are serving people who will only leave us a smaller amount than what our service is worth. But I also know that if I do that, if we currently have a limited demand in three weeks, it may be reduced even more. So I must cover that possibility. This is advertising and making the growth of individual tacos in three weeks. We have already seen that people consume our tacos for example from Arrachera the people of the area as long as we give them at an affordable price So, yes, I have to do both things. And we have to take advantage of the fact that we are in December and that people are willing to spend. Here in Mexico there is a phenomenon called the cost of money, which is due to the fact that all the people are spent for Christmas, the gifts to the children of the Magi and other expenses. People are very busy. And in January and mainly February, they don't have much money. So last year we saw a drop in our sales in mid-February. So we prepared for that month.

[12/6/25, 7:00 AM] Because I am in a town with "no industry" where "many people gravitate to start a food place". Because there are so many options, the customer has all the power. If you don't take the risk (by lowering prices or offering better food), they go next door.

[12/9/25, 6:16 AM] Ok, I feel a certain resistance to raise the price of our Buffet. In my mind there are many activities that have to be done to raise the price, but it is obvious to me that it is currently not sustainable to have the buffet at this price. So, it is necessary to make the price changes so that it is more sustainable. I imagine that I have to do many activities and, simply, if I think about it, I would have to change I would have to print a small menu with the number of tacos the price although this is a temporary solution to print about 10 and from the buffet menu simply print another 10 to do the test on Wednesday in addition to removing the advertising with the previous price and put the new one even if it is little and update the pressure on the digital menu that is very easy and if I mention it that way it is not so difficult even if I wanted to make it easier easier I would only have to print 10 minus 12 minus with the new price and change the digital menu that I know as I said it is easy and also of the advertising only put perhaps two ads with the new price or without price and this only so that there are no traces left that we were selling it at another price and that way I could have it for Wednesday and the individual tacos can be integrated into what goes on in the week to make it easier and already advancing in the increase in the price

[12/9/25, 8:42 PM] I feel a little anxious, I don't know exactly the reason, or a little worried. This is because of the payments that have to be made for the coral coast of our suppliers, Pays that are made annually by the workers. We barely made it to the cost of labor. and well, I think that's what makes me feel anxious, not being sure if we're going to be able to make those payments. This concern is constant. We need a greater margin. But now my question is... an increase in the price will fix it, really if we are going to generate in theory a little more income, this is only if the clients who usually come to Costa Coral continue to go, the demand does not decline and that generates anxiety worry but it is also a reality that right now the fatigue that Costa Coral generates is already generating fatigue in me beyond what Well, a sustained fatigue. After several days I decided that we were going to rest for two days, that is, we would close one day and we would put it together with our regular Tuesday rest to be able to have a little more rest. And well, yes, it served me and I hope it will also equip me. I already started the tasks to change the price, so I don't stop worrying that people see it as a high price and stop going to consume. But I suppose I should find out if this is true. And yes, it will generate a little anxiety in these days if the demand falls. But I guess it is necessary. Now what I can do is make the increase. in the menu, I think that connecting the menu and removing the official references from the previous press and it would already be on the other side.

[12/9/25, 10:02 PM] I would like to have more, remember more the idea of imperfect solutions, this is that many times I get paralyzed because I want to create the perfect solution and I end up postponing The solution, because the perfect solution requires a lot of information, and that information, obviously with an imperfect solution, you can obtain it faster and you can iterate faster. However, when you want everything to be perfect before implementing a solution, an idea, you simply postpone and you are trying to think too much that the point that you simply postpone, however, sometimes an imperfect solution causes you to be more sure of what you want since you start to feed yourself with information immediately, in addition to the fact that you can implement something very basic with low costs, then, well, I think I would like to be constantly reminded of how good an imperfect solution has since I think I procrastinate a lot when I want to implement perfect solutions.

[12/10/25, 3:36 AM] I think I feel confused. This is because I am about to make the decision that artificial intelligence gave me, which is simply to increase my prices. Artificial intelligence advises me that not increasing them is a sign of cowardice. And that I must seek my tranquility over the rejection of a stranger. But is artificial intelligence really right Has has explored all the possibilities I'm coming to the conclusion, or rather, I just had an insight, that maybe it proves that intelligence is only managing the possibilities that I manage, let's say that I put the options and it gives me one of them, selects one of those options, but the reality is that there may be other alternatives that he has not considered and I have not considered that they can be better for the business. I do not know if this is I hope I'm right, but right now in my mind I'm seeing it this way. Currently, a taco, let's analyze it only in a taco, from Costa Coral, is a combination, well not a taco a client a client that we serve is a combination of several tacos that take time to make each of those tacos let's say a client, we have clients who eat 10 tacos, so it is expensive what we give them and it is also expensive in terms of gas, in terms of staff time to prepare those 10 tacos that he receives. It is also expensive for the one who prepares it and the one who serves it, takes those 10 tacos. And if we only increase the price, we will continue with that paradigm, we can say, that we create we solve the problem of the customer that he is dissatisfied giving them something expensive to produce and at the same time and also expensive to serve to prepare but what happens if the simplistic solution of increasing prices is not the correct one we will continue trapped in that In this product that is difficult to create, what happens if the individual tacos are not like the ones we currently make, but they are big tacos. In reality, we are going to give them more product, but at the same time it will be easier to do it, it will be faster, it will require, in theory, less people. It will scale better when we talk about staff. Why will the client fill in less?

[12/10/25, 3:45 AM] I want to continue trying to solve this problem because in the end, maybe it is convenient for us when we sell individual tacos, to create tacos that obviously have a much greater value, In this way, it will be easier for the staff to serve that client in less time. Since instead of having 3 or 4 tacos to fill, we will have the same profit with 1 taco, even with 2. In fact, that could be the idea, to think that those tacos have to be so big that with a single taco it will fill the crowd. In this way we would cover both a problem that we have seen that the patients then see that the tattoos are very poor. As for the protein we would clearly do them in such a way that they were abundant but in the same way it would not be difficult for us to collect what is really worth it We could even give them with double tortilla so that if they want to make two tacos. because we, the staff, since he only had to use the fryer once or it takes him at the same time, I don't know, to heat four shrimp instead of eight at the same time, he no longer had to repeat that same activity twice because with the idea of ​​small tacos, the problem is that Well, we would take it and later on the client would want other tacos and so on. We do not have to worry about the acceptance of those tacos, new individual tacos, large ones that will not be cheap because we are anchored to something that, let's say, in a certain way, currently works, which is the buffet and that at least pays us the bills. So I would like to explore how feasible this idea of making large tacos is. I also think that this would draw a lot of attention on social networks. Not to publish the price, because they are really going to make not so cheap tacos, and look for a combination that works.

[12/10/25, 3:48 AM] Let's do a mental exercise. We have tacos that cost less than 10 pesos, but for a simple example, let's suppose they cost 10 pesos. And they are tacos that people eat, that they consume inside the buffet. But what happens if we return them for $15? That additional cost of $5 makes the taco look very abundant. and we would have to give it, if we multiply it, to get a profit of around 45 pesos. But that was a taco that we would consider profitable It would not only be profitable, but it would look good. And we would be happy to serve it. Because we would know that with this taco, people would be full and this one also this one could even be two tacos from there and then the profit of that taco would be 30 pesos, which would not be profit, it would be gross profit, which would not be bad. For a quick job to do.

[12/10/25, 6:37 AM] I kind of feel guilty of raising prices. Don't know why. Trying to justify the rising. But I feel guilty. Maybe the idea that I dont know what I am doing. That we don't deserve it

[12/10/25, 10:34 PM] the average ticker per person in november 2025 was 284 mxn per person. per table it was 574 mxn per table. we served 241 tables and a total of 498 people were served. This is data extracted directly from the POS software. So its a fact.

[12/10/25, 11:05 PM] Flor has helped me to define 6 options for the tacos individuales. The idea behind this strategy is to offer very good a la carte alternatives that go well with our seafood, relaxed place to eat. The will be not cheap, targeting a cost from 40 to 90 mxn each. The idea is find a more scalable and more profitable alternative to the buffet. I think is very costly in staff to run a buffet and only works in a volume. and while I think we eventually reach that volume. currenlty it leave us in a very risky situation having to have staff for low days. 

So while the buffet is running, we will also be offering this delicious options as a la carte. We already have the instalations, the staff. we will put each model to the test agains each other, trying to find which one is the most profitable one

[12/10/25, 11:09 PM] I dont fear a carreer as a software developer. In fact I think I have a fair chance. With AI I have already made the software to make reservations here in costa coral. our digital menu, made several web apps for myself. For example one to mix video clips to create TikToks. And so on.

[12/11/25, 12:03 AM] The price has been increased. Tomorrow we start with the new price

[12/11/25, 12:44 AM] I feel strangely calm, despite the fact that I have to make several payments to suppliers, I have to give the workers a hand, and it is clear to me that right now I do not have that money. I say strangely because, although I should be more anxious, I am not. I know I can't solve anything with anxiety. And I just have to go solving little by little. As I said before, we are going to increase the prices tomorrow, which will be interesting. I'm curious to see how people perceive it. We will surely put the qualifications in our survey, to see how much they are worth. and well, I am convinced that I can not continue to give away my work, I do think that we are giving enough value and well, I think I have to start valuing, if not I will value your work And I am satisfied with that decision, regardless of the result.

[12/11/25, 12:45 AM] I would like to be more productive. Today I woke up very late, I woke up at 10 in the morning. and I started to get late to work, I was a little stressed because I did not see the service as a waiter that the first customers deserved, and although everything worked, there is no need, the mistake was simply not having set the alarm, and one morning I said, yes, of course, I will sleep a little earlier, I didn't do it because it was on my cell phone. I wasn't even doing something very productive. Well, I don't know if it was productive or not, but I was asking the artificial intelligence using my notes. Well, in reality, some of the words he told me made me feel committed to increasing the price.

[12/11/25, 9:16 PM] first sale after new pricing 229/289. A couple of friends. They choose the Taco Trio.

[12/11/25, 9:40 PM] Second table, lets see what they choose. Too son to tell, but maybe the taco trio is a great option. Fast to make and the margin is good. With a buffet costing more (the real value of it), many probably will change to taco trio. The second table today choose basico

[12/11/25, 11:33 PM] With the price change, definetily I saw a move towards Taco Trio. Which is not bad. is almost the profit of the buffet basico when it cost 199 but only half of the effort by the staff. Now that I am not subsidicing the buffet giving it at a low price the real cost shows that maybe many will not buy it. 

Time to adevertise the Taco Trio more. better value for the costumer. and at the better entry point. 

Now I wonder what it will be to be half tired of what I have been for the past months and the same for my team. interesting. 

I am recording this only as a data keeping. Not necessarily because I am worried. I know that writing is thinking and this is what I am doing, while I am attending tables. Fun times. 

Another interesting though. What would happen if only Flor and I worked on weekdays. We could do it if only we prepared taco trios. Becuase they are very easy to compared to buffet where the average is the double of effort and if a couple of heavy eaters arrive they can mess with the times and that is why you need at least 3 people to deliver on time. 

With a la carte I believe is more easy to predict the demand.

[12/12/25, 8:26 PM] well another day with the new prices. Two tables at this hour, one bough 3 buffet basicos at 229 (regular costumers and they even talk to me, saying that the price hike was fine). The other table is 4 woman all biugh premium. This makes me feel good. Still dont know the impact per month. but maybe it shows that a lot of fear. 

For some reason I feel a better relation of effort and value capture per costumer.

[12/12/25, 9:27 PM] yesterday, even as I knew that going to sleep late is awful for me, I went very late (3am). I fact I was very aware of what the AI says to me about going late to bed, that affects all my day. But I did it anyway fixeted to the phone watching short videos. Maybe I should have avoided them all togheter.

[12/13/25, 4:40 PM] Well, I feel satisfied and calm. Yesterday I took the opportunity to create videos of Coral Coast for TikTok and Facebook. I don't know if these videos will be translated into sales, but this was not going to happen if the videos did not exist, so... It's better that they exist. Ah, that they don't exist. And well, I'm already eliminating the traces that were left of the previous price. and well, we already have this videos with the new price to see what to see how it goes the first two days of the people going I see how if many people went for the Well, not much, but most of them. Which is not bad, it is the same profit that the basic buffet left, but only with half of the workload. And only, probably, they are smaller accounts, but it's fine. We will see in the future how this translates to profit, I hope so.

[12/13/25, 5:02 PM] It's Saturday and I'm going to take the opportunity to see if I can make another video to upload to social networks and waiting for this to translate at least one more month in sales. I am also thinking of buying another card payment terminal because the one we currently have takes us a week for that money to be deposited and sometimes it costs me work to finance so that we can not dispose of that money until within a week, so with this other we will have a backup and in addition to the sales of Saturday and Sunday we could arrange the same Monday to make the necessary payments

[12/13/25, 5:23 PM] Maybe I shouldn't record this in my notes, since it's something very... very... temporary. But I'm still going to do it, who knows, maybe there's something important about it. Today, well... Let's see, let's analyze what is the most relevant thing of the day. this the flower goes to his concert so he goes to work at 5 this I have to decide if I buy or not the terminal for for process the payments faster so that money is faster in our account and have it faster. And this... What else? I have to edit the digital menu to eliminate the individual obstacles, since we are not done I don know what recipes are going to be left I think that it for next week Now I going to leave the taco trio It's 11.22 and from what I saw, I think we have no reservation for today. If we judge by how the week has come, it will be relatively weak. But let's hope it doesn't happen anyway. We have to continue. I can't let a week of uncertainty affect me. taking into account that we only sold 170,000 pesos last month, a number that seems incredible, if we compare it with the other restaurant that we had, where the expenses were very high, and we sold 170,000 pesos, or more, but with much greater effort and expenses. which if he never did a viable business and well here we already have a great opportunity, we just have to continue improving.

[12/13/25, 10:06 PM] Ok, I find myself strangely calm. This is the first weekend since we raised the price. On Saturdays, it is extremely low. I would dare to say that it is even lower than... Even if it were today, a Monday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday, it would be low. So, the more a Saturday... A Saturday usually ends between 7,000 and... It had ended last month at 11,000. 12,000 pesos, we have been here since 2007, at 4 pm. First impressions, most of them have not asked for the buffet, the premium is only one table. who asked for the prize because the boss paid for it. So I feel that it is too soon to say, I'm just making assumptions, but don't worry. maybe it is not necessarily that it is not worth the price, but the fact that we are a taco buffet, people associate tacos with something cheaper and maybe 199 if it seems like something a pleasure that the family can give on the weekend, due to the matter of mental, which seems a little that you are going to spend, on the other hand, a figure above 200, it seems to be easier to make the that you are going to spend a lot of money. But well, we have to do the experiment capable of throwing ourselves another six months fighting and we do not know what the reason is, we do not know that people would have accepted the price more. we still don't know we need to get more information this one I also think that this makes it easier for me to decide to take some actions that I had thought about before but I refused because I wanted to offer a very good product this is to include the most expensive tacos within the premium buffet like the Camarón Roca, the Camarones Luisiana and the Costa Coral. Seeing that people are not willing to spend what it really costs with these ingredients, I read that you never believe in value, that people are not willing to pay. It makes it very easy for me to remove them. because people are not willing to pay. And well, it is part of the experiment.

[12/13/25, 10:08 PM] I went to other businesses with the hope that maybe we are all the same, but apparently we are the same. There is also another variable to consider, which is in these past days, I did not invest enough in ads. Yes, maybe that also had an effect, but it is very strange to me that we have to spend consistently to have an income. Our customer purchase has to be constant. But well, it has to be like that.

[12/13/25, 10:18 PM] I can see that a little more people have arrived, not the one we occupy, but at least to not go so far. We still have to see the final numbers and analyze them to see what our steps are to follow. we have been considering as I already mentioned here before, that if people are not willing to pay the premium buffet that we currently have, we must reconfigure it to create a more where and present it also in a way that people do not see the cost so high maybe only add the amount of difference between the premium buffet and the basic one so for 49 pesos to the most large the buffet or make it premium In this way it becomes easier to do the math and perhaps more likely to accept changing to the most profitable version for us. And that would have to be done with a design in the menu. we would not have to reconfigure anything but we just have to adapt to have a more profitable business and well, it is not very early to say but it is possible that people are already voting with their and indicate to us what the top is. And this time it is simply a process of understanding more and more and knowing how to rebuild it to get the greatest amount of money, of the value that we believe.

[12/14/25, 2:21 AM] I am satisfied. Today is the first Saturday after we raised the prices to $229 the basic and $289 the premium. And we sold, if I'm not mistaken, 8,600, which is very healthy. I'm going to confirm that number right now, but it's around 8,000 and something. We do feel the day lighter. Maybe it's just confirmation bias, but I mean effort. As more people decided on the most economical options, well, maybe the profit is not so marked, well, the total sale, but I feel less physical activity, I feel less tired. Good data point.

[12/14/25, 2:21 AM] Total sales on Saturday, or today, 8,865.

[12/14/25, 4:37 AM] i should mention that I bough the second card terminal. So we can access our money faster. that was today and it cost 1000 mxn

[12/15/25, 1:09 AM] today we sold 12051.00 mxn, we the new pricing. The load for the staff and me not hard.

[12/15/25, 4:23 AM] I am surprised that even knowing all the time that I can lose in front of the cell phone, watching, I don't know, Instagram, TikTok, even so I do it, I can waste a lot of time on these platforms, which prevents me from even relaxing and watching a movie and eating something, something else that maybe will remember a little better these platforms I have known that they are very addictive and well they make the brain have I become addicted to immediate rewards and nevertheless I keep doing them. I would like to remove that waste of time, that I waste a lot of time on those networks.

[12/15/25, 6:15 AM] this is some basic projection with the new priciing: 


Staff: Flor + Leslye + Monse + Yeni (no Florencia), plus you on floor.

Costs: same fixed + ads as now.

Buffet prices: 169 / 229 / 289 (Trio / Básico / Premium).

Water: assume you keep the same policy as today (free agua with reservation), so total COGS stays about the same fraction of sales.

From all the reconstruction we did:

Total COGS ≈ 39% of sales → gross margin ≈ 61%.

Monthly staff cost (these 4) ≈ 27,585 MXN (wages + staff food).

Fixed + ads ≈ 31,230 MXN.

So overhead = 58,815 MXN/mes.

So the profit formula in this scenario is:

Profit
(
𝑅
)
=
0.61
⋅
𝑅
−
58,815
Profit(R)=0.61⋅R−58,815

where R is total monthly sales.

Profit at different monthly sales (MXN)

Using that formula:

R = 80,000 → Profit ≈ −10,015

R = 90,000 → Profit ≈ −3,915

R = 100,000 → Profit ≈ +2,185

R = 110,000 → Profit ≈ +8,285

R = 120,000 → Profit ≈ +14,385

R = 130,000 → Profit ≈ +20,485

R = 140,000 → Profit ≈ +26,585

R = 150,000 → Profit ≈ +32,685

R = 160,000 → Profit ≈ +38,785

Break-even:

0.61
𝑅
=
58,815
⇒
𝑅
≈
96,400
 MXN/mes
0.61R=58,815⇒R≈96,400 MXN/mes

So with Flor + Leslye + Monse + Yeni, same water policy, and buffet at 169/229/289, you:

Start to make money at around 96k/month in sales.

At something like your current 120–130k pattern, profit sits in the 14–20k/month range under this configuration.

[12/15/25, 12:15 PM] this is some basic projection with the new priciing:
Staff: Flor + Leslye + Monse + Yeni (no Florencia), plus you on floor.
Costs: same fixed + ads as now.
Buffet prices: 169 / 229 / 289 (Trio / Básico / Premium).
Water: assume you keep the same policy as today (free agua with reservation), so total COGS stays about the same fraction of sales.
From all the reconstruction we did:
Total COGS ≈ 39% of sales → gross margin ≈ 61%.
Monthly staff cost (these 4) ≈ 27,585 MXN (wages + staff food).
Fixed + ads ≈ 31,230 MXN.
So overhead = 58,815 MXN/mes.
So the profit formula in this scenario is:
Profit
(
𝑅
)
=
0.61
⋅
𝑅
−
58,815
Profit(R)=0.61⋅R−58,815
where R is total monthly sales.
Profit at different monthly sales (MXN)
Using that formula:
R = 80,000 → Profit ≈ −10,015
R = 90,000 → Profit ≈ −3,915
R = 100,000 → Profit ≈ +2,185
R = 110,000 → Profit ≈ +8,285
R = 120,000 → Profit ≈ +14,385
R = 130,000 → Profit ≈ +20,485
R = 140,000 → Profit ≈ +26,585
R = 150,000 → Profit ≈ +32,685
R = 160,000 → Profit ≈ +38,785
Break-even:
0.61
𝑅
=
58,815
⇒
𝑅
≈
96,400
MXN/mes
0.61R=58,815⇒R≈96,400 MXN/mes
So with Flor + Leslye + Monse + Yeni, same water policy, and buffet at 169/229/289, you:
Start to make money at around 96k/month in sales.
At something like your current 120–130k pattern, profit sits in the 14–20k/month range under this configuration.

[12/15/25, 8:19 PM] first weekend with new pricing shows (

taco trio	24	24%
basico	16	16%
premium	45	45%


)  this is from friday, saturday and sunday

[12/15/25, 9:27 PM] lets talk about staying wake up at night for random stuff like watching short form videos on the phone. But sometimes is also navigating in X.com in the computer, youtube, or some random stuff. 

while the problem in front of the pc is not as problematic, it can contreubute to the issue of consuming short video content on the phone. its what usually push me from 1am to 3am sleep times. 

even spending time using platforms like chatgpt at night some times produce ideas and not necessarily regreat, aloguht I know that I could have done early so I can go to sleep early.

[12/15/25, 10:43 PM] one thing I need to  work on is my energy which it has been very low latelly. While causes of this low energy could be my eating habits, low excersice amount, sickness. The reality is that i could be doing some stugg to at least not make the problem worse. I suppose drinking more water, going to bed early, no alcohol, eat veggies, etc.

[12/16/25, 2:19 AM] first weekend with new pricing shows (
taco trio	24	24%
basico	16	16%
premium	45	45%
)  this is from friday, saturday and sunday

[12/16/25, 3:27 AM] lets talk about staying wake up at night for random stuff like watching short form videos on the phone. But sometimes is also navigating in X.com in the computer, youtube, or some random stuff.
while the problem in front of the pc is not as problematic, it can contreubute to the issue of consuming short video content on the phone. its what usually push me from 1am to 3am sleep times.
even spending time using platforms like chatgpt at night some times produce ideas and not necessarily regreat, aloguht I know that I could have done early so I can go to sleep early.

[12/23/25, 4:15 AM] Leslye no longer works with us, considering what to do next. I mean hire someone else or wait. January is one of the slowest months of the year in sales.

[12/23/25, 1:25 PM] Today I woke up at 7:20 am. Planning on taking a coffee while doing some work at my computer. That will be fun and train my mind that waking early have it's perks

[12/23/25, 5:00 PM] I feel strangely calm again. And well, I don't know exactly why. Well, apparently I do know why. But it's strange because this weekend sales were low. If I remember correctly, on Saturday only 5,000. No, sorry, I think it was 5,000. And on Sunday 6,000, which is very low. And I think that would have to do with anxiety. Well, Leslie has already decided to work with us and we are approaching a month that, according to the patterns, is a low month. However, I feel calm because with the exit of Lesley and previously with the exit of Florencia, our weekly expenses are reduced. With the exception of Leslie's departure, I have the option to select if I want someone else to pay it in the month of January or I wait until February Also, maybe by forcing ourselves in January to work in three weeks only, we find the time. more efficient and so there would be more money left in the curtains and this one and I could also increase the salary there we would have a more efficient business where I have more profit and this could be better for both parties. Obviously it would require a greater effort since we would have to redesign several parts, but not the impossible. we managed to sell 3,000 pesos. And the consensus of the people was that the service was fast. So I don't see why it wouldn't be impossible with our adjustments to sell up to 4,000. That's right, you have to be careful so that Flor doesn't have burnout. But I think that if we both think about the money that we will be leaving in extra, I think it would compensate for it.

[12/24/25, 6:12 PM] The decision has been made. Not hire a replacement for Leslye until the last week of January. This will reduce our costs in one of tthe slowest month of the year. We will use the time to try to have a more efficient restaurant, testing ideas to make the kitchen almost work with one person on weekdays. The person in the floor can help. Other ideas like having tablets for clients to order directly to the kitchen or asking stuff like the bill. Could be done with the use of tables, minimizing the time the server needs to be outside and help morewhere is needed (kitchen)

[12/24/25, 6:45 PM] When I mentioned the idea of creating the service so that customers can order with a tablet, I meant to take care of making that system and also take care of serving tables, I mean, to develop the system while I'm in my free time and at the time of being in Costa Coral I would dedicate myself to both serving tables and to be in this case a fryer and preparing the foods that I will have to do double function, not one thing instead of the other

[12/25/25, 12:04 AM] Well, analyzing what's next within Costa Coral, there are several things that I would like to try. It means that if I do these things, all the problems of Costa Coral or mine are solved. It's just that if I keep... moving forward like the other restaurants, I expose myself to the same probabilities of failure that they have had. Not only that, but I produce the same things that they produce and I create a business, like so many others, that are very fragile, very easy to fail. the famous restaurants, instead of being bad businesses. Now, if we want to see it in another way, I consider myself to be an intelligent person, and I consider Flor to be an intelligent person. We make a good team, since we are not afraid of work, and we can come up with new ideas new solutions being creative and experimenting This is to constantly apply A tests in different parts Until we start to find the solutions that most generate us. We have already tried this on multiple occasions. The taco buffet came about as a test. Originally we were a restaurant that sold seafood like many others, but this almost forced us to close because we had no demand and we discovered that the taco buffet was something that the front was willing to try. I wanted to try something more... I think it's an interesting concept and it's what we've been doing, the idea of reserving in the street where we are. It's not a tourist street, it's not a street where people... let's say it's a popular street, in the sense that there are businesses that are aimed at people of a lower class. One would not think that people move at great distances to go eat something, but we did it. If we thought as many always think, we would not have dared to make a reservation system. However, it worked. And I think that it is a very important point to dare to do things, even if it is in a minimal expression, just to see if it works.

[12/25/25, 12:24 AM] Maybe I have not been very specific because I have thought about the idea of ​​the tablets, that people can order directly from a tablet, a tablet that is installed on their table. and it is because although the effort would be great for some reason not all restaurants have this option to create it is not a simple task however if that problem can be solved for example I have been all this year serving as a waiter in Coral Coast and I have dead times where I am waiting for a plate to finish and this has led to the fact that we have to hire someone else. For the price we charge people wait for a waiter We cannot do it as self We have already tried it before and then people go well arranged and obviously wait for a waiter. In this way, we could if the waiter continues to take the dishes but let's say that his starting point is in the kitchen where he would be seeing a screen where for example they can ask for the bill or they can ask maybe fill your glass of water, just like in an airplane when you call the plumber. And also, obviously, order the tacos and you prepare them in the kitchen, because you are at that moment watching the screen, and takes them this way If we had were successful it would require in three weeks only two people instead of three Obviously, it wouldn't be easy, but it is something that has been done previously. I was able to create the reserve system, which is a very complex system, which I did and working in Costa Coral. It was not like I took one or two months off. Right now, thanks to artificial intelligence, we can afford to create complex systems. In fact, I already have a system that I created about a year ago, where this could happen, where people could ask for their phones directly, but I never finished implementing it, mainly because the stress of money is the one that makes me not want to work anymore, to do things. That week what I have noticed is that yes the work was greater but knowing that each table that arrived each client that arrived left me a little more money just thinking that every day the salary of the is and I no longer had to pay it motivated me more I got more relaxed to the house and felt a little more money in the bag although the sales were lower and well that motivates me a lot to say well then maybe we have to rethink the whole restaurant system in this way we could have a system a more efficient restaurant where flor can take more money to the house because in fact right now it already takes all the tips and it would increase its salary and this benefits us both and later on because this restaurant is more efficient and maybe abandon that double position where I am, I have to work and prepare dishes to dedicate myself full time to another thing and leave a person there to do that double task that you are doing, but hey, it's just an idea.

[12/25/25, 12:28 AM] where I see myself in two years, three years, four years, it is clear to me that artificial intelligence will continue to evolve at the same level or faster than what it has done so far. And I want to be part of that change. I want to be part of it, not that it happens to me like it did in previous occasions when I was an early adopter of Bitcoin or other things. And then I just let it go and later on there were other people who found out later and they overcame me simply because they were better positioned, they had more money, etc. For example, when I entered Bitcoin it was very economical and I simply did not see the potential but I did not know how to take advantage of it. In this case, artificial intelligence has advanced a lot, I have already implemented it a lot, I have created multiple applications with it, but I have not taken advantage of its potential. So, if I look ahead, I would like to be something, to be a character that uses it in one way or another. I am very interested in how we have used it within Costa Coral to make decisions, to create systems. For example the reservation system was created 100 with artificial intelligence The name costa coral is made that is artificial intelligence this some of our video ads are made with artificial intelligence so I would like to continue implementing these systems to prove that they work and then maybe sell them or give advice or I don't know I would like my goal is not to make me a lot of money I am not interested in money simply if I do not want the money to be a source of anxiety as it has been so far I would like not to have to worry too much about money that that would currently represent a better earn 30 thousand pesos a month 25 thousand pesos a month with that I could face most of my expenses and as long as I can buy books and go to the beach twice with my wife for me more than enough I wish I had a frugal life, it would be very nice, and that would allow me to have access to the new artificial intelligence tools that are coming out, for example, Cloud Code, which is made by Anthropic, it costs $200 a month, I would like to have access to it, among other things. That is something I would like.

[12/25/25, 1:47 AM] I have brought a couple of ideas today, one is to take advantage of the fact that Leslie is no longer working with us, well, of course we are not covering it, and that money that is free, actually use it to rest one more day, which would be, for example, Monday and Tuesday. According to my projections, on Mondays we sell an average of $2,400 pesos. So we have to discount the cost of food and there is not much left. In reality we work very little to go all day and the wear is enough to work, just rest one day a week. Especially when we are such a small team. I wonder what would happen if instead of going to work that day, as much Flor as I, for example, For example on Tuesdays we rest but we take advantage of Monday to not go to work and use it to rest better And I will take advantage of that additional day to create content on social networks which I have already noticed is very effective, and so sell more. Try to sell more on Saturday, the rest of the days that we go. It is an idea that I have explored. Having two days off would be good for our morale. It's one of those things that all restaurants do, but actually, just having one day off, but there's no physical law that says we have to have one day off. It's very exhausting. That day is only for washing clothes, to sleep a little more, to do certain things that you have done in the other days. I wonder if, even if we have to do a profitable business, I wonder why not try to have that goal of resting for two days. It's an idea that I have in mind. you

[12/25/25, 1:51 AM] One idea of an app that I have in mind is a kind of... I imagine it as an application that is on the computer, where the steps are very defined and let's say it has a total limit of 40 minutes. In those 40 minutes I have to produce a post for TikTok, for Facebook. It can be a static post, I mean a graphic, but that, for example, For example, bring the steps to do it very defined and how much maximum time I can take. Let say that for example the first one is to define what I want to promote and nothing else has allowed five minutes And let say I write it then the next step is to look for assets to promote it or create a sketch, create the general idea of ​​the idea, or what are the strong points to promote, or what do I want people to know. Things like that, let's say the instructions are very concrete that can be filled quickly and that has a maximum time very defined in this way this create a kind of time boxing very specific for a very defined goal that in this case will produce a a post. I have noticed that there is no direct relationship between the quality of a post and how much it can attract people. Many times the posts that have worked the most are ones that let say some creative accident has simply worked has made it work and attracts people So I just think it a game of numbers where I have to force myself to create this daily amount of content. And for example, with this timer I could, if I manage to tie it to, for example, sleep early. And I wake up, I already have my coffee in the morning and let's say this at 6 in the morning. and I put my timer and I know that no matter what happens when the timer is over, I am going to finish with a post to be able to put on Facebook or Tik Tok. When finished, you may have a routine like breakfast and then throw another loop of that timer and have another set of contents. and all this upload it to the same advertising campaign to promote it and this and only and let the Facebook algorithm automatically select the winners this I think it is more a game of numbers because sometimes you are very decisive in selecting the correct photo well, especially in my case, I don't know, the correct colors, when maybe you just have to feel slightly pressured against time, knowing that if you don't make the decision quickly, the poster will be more imperfect than what you might want. But that doesn't matter in the final result, which is to take people to Costa Coral to avoid the wear of the ads, etc. It is one of the goals that I have to make that app. I think it would be very easy to do it with artificial intelligence. That's another thing I want to say here in my notes. Currently, making software is relatively easy with current intelligence. Before it could take months, now it can take days or even hours.

[12/25/25, 1:56 AM] artificial intelligence makes a good point that is that my price currently suggests that they will have a very good attention something that contradicts my thought of creating a system of tablets, which can make it less... it contradicts a little. For example, there are people who value the personalized attention. Maybe it's worth analyzing it, but right now I can't make it depend on my next step to take in something that contradicts an action I just took, like the price rise. Maybe later, when I have time, I can revisit the idea. but right now I don't think so. I'm not going to keep thinking about that idea. Maybe I have to train to support Flor when she is in a very demanding position, and push the trio taco more, which requires only half the physical effort, both hers and mine, and the margin is healthy. And also selling individual tacos, which also the margin would be good, and the effort would be relatively low, less than the funfetti.

[12/25/25, 6:09 PM] I have decide to no longer continue with the development of the tablet ordering system.

[12/26/25, 7:59 AM] The AI has made a good point. That the reduction in the expenses has made me feel better than less work. So I suspect that the demand of money has made me very stressed more than the physical demands in Costa coral

[12/26/25, 8:02 AM] Today Friday, probably we would not be able to open because Flor is sick. This highlights the problem of being so few in Costa coral. But now that I think, Leslye and me probably couldn't have open the two too. We need Flor to operate. Maybe I just need to accept this fact is out current reality. And it is not so frequent. This only has happened once in a year

[12/27/25, 4:14 PM] I feel calm again today, Saturday. After having rested for three days, I still feel that I did not rest. this one as I was missing to rest because the day that we had to rest because the day the flower got sick because I feel like if we that united to our day of official rest the day that was added for the day of the sector because for being Christmas day, well, it's been three days since we worked. I'm worried that they're going to lose things and that we've lost their money. But, well, we have it.

[12/27/25, 4:22 PM] I'm still thinking about the alternative of an online business, a digital business. We definitely know... We are in a very particular situation where we know so much about programming, as we know the needs of a restaurant. Although I have not sold any solutions to any restaurant, I would have to try that, but I do feel confident, I just need to dare. Marcus is still no massive. It's like... Yeah, this is how it is in our food restaurant. a place that generates entropy. It will never end. I hope that as we move forward, I have more money, and solving these problems becomes easier. But yes, something mentally tired has been left.

[12/27/25, 4:24 PM] I don't know, I'm... I'm calm. I'm... but at the same time, with the loss of Leslie, because Flo got sick, we had to close one day earlier than scheduled, It leaves me with a feeling of guilt, as if I did not take the right decisions. But it is also that part of a restaurant that has many things to do annually and that cannot be pre-made. that depends so much on a human I sorry I sorry I sorry I sorry My human phallus does not fail it gets sick I simply can't open it. This makes me think that... What happens if we rest two days a week? One day I use it to rest, as I am doing now, and the other day I use it to work, to develop this solution that we need to sell. But at the same time, I know that if I really wanted to make this solution, I would have already started to make this solution. As I said in the past, the solution to make reservations from the physical or mental health center was not a problem.

[12/27/25, 9:50 PM] I have noticed that if I fix my focus on the outcome, is for me easier to bear the path to it. For example if I feel like I don't want to go to work yo Costa Coral, I ask myself why, is usually because I'm already tired and need to rest or because I want to do other stuff. If I tell myself we will have a lot to do. That means good money at the end, so the tiredendess is fine and if we don't have costumers, the workload will be easy and I even can dedicate time to read or work in the computer. Also for example focusing in the idea that in the morning I will drink a hot cup of coffee or a warm bath, can make me go to sleep early

[12/28/25, 2:01 AM] We couldn't open on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. This because of sickness of Flor. We could have opened without her, but because Monse was in vacation and Leslye quit a week ago, we couldn't open only with Yenni and I. I feel guilty for following this path. This week I thought I would have some extra money to buy things the restaurant needs, but I would find in the opposite direction, with shortage of money. But also if I think slowly, the slim of the current operations makes me spend less money to survive. I feel guilty of not being able to open this days. But also I need to understand that a restaurant doesn't make or break in a weekend. I need to be resourceful, I need to be resourceful. Currently worried on how to be able to pay rent. I will find a way.

[12/28/25, 2:49 AM] The last days that we could not open. I have realized that opening as we have done the previous days is a privilege. Maybe instead of feeling tired and complaining of the heavy load that is Costa Coral, I should feel proud to be tired. Random thought

[12/28/25, 2:54 AM] 3 days of not opening. SHOULDN'T break a restaurant

[12/28/25, 4:32 AM] I wish I had more girlfriends when I was 18 to 30 years old. In the moment I thought I wasn't handsome enough or a male that could attract girls. But now I realize that it was a funnel issue, by not moving enough people through the funnel, I'm amazed that even I had some girlfriends, 4 or 5. My problem is that I didn't start the interaction because of fear of rejection. But now I realize I could have made a low friction funnel in the first stage of the funnel, even automatic and move them to have at least 5x more of those amazing experiences.

[12/28/25, 5:34 AM] .I sometimes think that my problem is not to have a set of options to do. Like a roll over brainstorm of ideas. For example what to do with my wife I can see the list and choose. Or what to do in a moment of availability to work, check that list. Instead of selecting of the first thing that come to my mind. I think I need that

[12/28/25, 8:15 PM] I think I have done around 4 to 6 creatives in a month for Costa Coral. This produces the result I get. Obviously with the ad investment in Facebook and TikTok, of around $4000 MXN this month.

[12/28/25, 9:59 PM] What I did to motivate myself was to build a machine that gave me immediate rewards. This is when I finished the image, at that moment I could press a button that assigned me a random amount, which on average was a low amount, let's say 10 pesos, 15 pesos, mexicanos. and this could be accumulated to buy something I liked, for example, or what I used were books. This made me interested in making as many images as possible as quickly as possible, to buy a book that, although it was not for reading, was an immediate reward in my brain, and I could clearly compete with playing a video game, etc. So I was thinking what happens if I apply the same strategy to create Creatives, content for social networks, for example for Facebook and for TikTok, since in the preliminary calculations it would be the revenue and the profit that would allow this workflow.

[12/28/25, 10:00 PM] I just had a realization, I don't know if it works, but when I was a 3D designer, the payment for each image I made was different, could not be paid in 5 or 6 years. This was because they were sent to stock sites, image banks, and well, maybe until the first three months they did not receive anything, some images were never sold and a small percentage was responsible for the largest sales, let's say 5% of the sales. This caused me to personally find it difficult to motivate myself to make an image, since I knew that the most probable thing is that no one would see it and I would not sell anything either, but among all those images that I created, some of them sold and were the ones responsible for to generate the most part of the English, to be able to lie to my mind, or to motivate it to make more images. 

What I did to motivate myself was to build a machine that gave me immediate rewards. This is when I finished the image, at that moment I could press a button that assigned me a random amount, which on average was a low amount, let's say 10 pesos, 15 pesos, mexicanos. and this could be accumulated to buy something I liked, for example, or what I used were books. This made me interested in making as many images as possible as quickly as possible, to buy a book that, although it was not for reading, was an immediate reward in my brain, and I could clearly compete with playing a video game, etc. So I was thinking what happens if I apply the same strategy to create Creatives, content for social networks, for example for Facebook and for TikTok, since in the preliminary calculations it would be the revenue and the profit that would allow this workflow.

[12/28/25, 10:27 PM] We have already tried in other months to invest more in advertising and in that month we invested 8,000 Mexican pesos. and I realized that I have the feeling that there is a limit in the amount of market to which we can access that was 8 to access sorry that was in the only on facebook before that was before discovering tik tok it was this year and I invested 8,000 since the sales were very low and I was hoping at least to have a little movement so that did not increase sales only my expenses in advertising so I do not realize that if there is only a certain limit that we cannot even if it is already more no there is no this is not linear growth between the investment, but you can reach a limit. I don't know which one it is, but let's say, as we live in Morelia, a relatively small city, you can reach these limits relatively easily. What is the most important thing in your life?

[12/28/25, 10:29 PM] The ROAS of 10x, I also suspect that they are not reachable in such an easy way, or rather that the curve does not remain in line, it begins to reduce, even so, definitely in the output surveys that we have done, most of them comment that they have seen us on Facebook and on TikTok, our clients who visit us for the first time, I still think that it is around 70% of our clients who arrive through this medium 70 easily and this and with our reservation system because they do it this is immediate many times the result

[12/29/25, 8:18 PM] I suspect the initial ROAS from tiktok was becuase we where new on the platform. Now that people know us the ROAS have reduced maybe $400 could bring and additional $3000 in sales if spend on good creatives on tiktok. This number is only a ballpark, I havent measured the number. 

hard numbers from tiktok in my most longer run campain> 

CPC 0.32 MXN

and in my site reservacoral.com I see a conversion rate of 1.46% with 150 reservarvations, since I reseted the counter. 


Many of the reservations are no show. Lets say 35%. But also many people see our ads and arrive without making any reservation.

[12/29/25, 8:26 PM] I have run some numbers and the Cost Per Acquisition (CPA) is $33.72 per seated table on tiktok. 

and Revenue per Table: $574 MXN (Based on Nov 2025 actuals ).

So aparently this is very profitable and I rthink I should spend more money and time on tiktok

[12/29/25, 8:31 PM] Flor continues to feel sick, she believes she can work this Friday 2 of jan. I wonder what should I spend my current time doing. The urge for money is making me think how to spend this time. But maybe thinking in probabilities, I should make some creatives for tiktok and facebook to maximize the opoerunity to bring new costumers when we reopen or doors. 

I have canceled some reservations in this days that we have been closed. For one this make me sad, for the other I realzie that even without investing in money in ads, our site for reservations keep working for us in the background bringing new costumners. 

I wonder if the most ROI for my time right now is to work in making creatives for facebook and tiktok and maybe try a new landing page trying to increase the conversion rate from 1.46% (current conversion from tiktok to our landign page for reservations reservacoral.com)

[12/29/25, 8:38 PM] the AI says this> 

The Logic: You are optimizing for expense reduction (saving $8k/month) while exposing yourself to catastrophic risk (losing $20k in a single weekend). By running without redundancy, you are not "saving money"; you are gambling. The cost of a spare employee is an insurance premium that is mathematically cheaper than the cost of a single unplanned closure.

My thinking> 
but I wonder if this is true? Did I lose 20k? Yes, on the surface that revenue didnt materialize, but the seafood is still in the freezer, I didnt have to pay Monse (on vacation), Flor (didnt work), didnt have to buy stuff like tortillas and yes 20k was the potential sales, but judging by the last weekends we couldnt hit those numbers. I THINK WE NEED TO BE MORE CAREFUL WITH ANY COMMENT

[12/29/25, 8:51 PM] flor getting sick for this long, never happened in our history of costa coral. Monse had requested vacations and because we had Flor, Yeni and Leslye and I. I didnt see any problem, I though we had sufficient redundancy. Then Leslye quit abruplty and didnt show up on sunday 21, still we operated with Monse and Flor and I on Sunday 21. Flor and I worked on 22 and 23. and then she reported sick on 25. We didnt have time to hire or train some else. Or think of a solution to avoid this. I though we had enough redundancy. 

In fact this weekend we can oparate we Monse and Yeni (saturday, Sunday)

[12/30/25, 2:26 AM] I have run some numbers and the Cost Per Acquisition (CPA) is $33.72 per seated table on tiktok.
and Revenue per Table: $574 MXN (Based on Nov 2025 actuals ).
So aparently this is very profitable and I rthink I should spend more money and time on tiktok

[12/30/25, 2:38 AM] the AI says this>
The Logic: You are optimizing for expense reduction (saving $8k/month) while exposing yourself to catastrophic risk (losing $20k in a single weekend). By running without redundancy, you are not "saving money"; you are gambling. The cost of a spare employee is an insurance premium that is mathematically cheaper than the cost of a single unplanned closure.
My thinking>
but I wonder if this is true? Did I lose 20k? Yes, on the surface that revenue didnt materialize, but the seafood is still in the freezer, I didnt have to pay Monse (on vacation), Flor (didnt work), didnt have to buy stuff like tortillas and yes 20k was the potential sales, but judging by the last weekends we couldnt hit those numbers. I THINK WE NEED TO BE MORE CAREFUL WITH ANY COMMENT

[12/31/25, 6:43 AM] Thinking on building a todo list. Mixed with Elo ranking. The todo list will only show the top 5 to do on the screen. And the rest in the Elo fighting A vs B. And another screen to add things to do. This will reduce the options of things to do. Maybe we could maximize for ROI or peace of mind.

[1/7/26, 4:53 PM] Ok, well there have been a few days where I have not added anything to my notes. I have noticed that sometimes I do it when I bring a lot of things in my head, which is the same when I should do more notes to be able to learn a little more about me. But well, we went back to work this Friday. That was the first day with good sales. I don't remember, we came around 5,000, which in our context is good. Later on Saturday we came only 4,000, which is low. I would have expected around 7,000 to 8,000. and on Sunday we sold 13,200, which makes us one of the best days we have had. Usually 13 is almost 13 200 300 500 it is the maximum that can sometimes be sold With this number of tables available staff etc Which makes me come to several conclusions, that the absence of some days did not mark our end, as sometimes my mind made me think and from there came my feeling of guilt, the clients were there, we just had to open our platform again to make reservations. On Friday and Sunday I received several, so it makes me think that both the platform and the idea of creating a very good platform to make reservations would generate enough value for us and for others. And, well, of the things we have created, it is the things with the most value. I am sure that many have not discovered it and we could be that medium by which they discover it. Thank you.

[1/7/26, 4:55 PM] Now, I feel, since yesterday, somewhat anxious, especially because I have several debts that have not been paid. This is due to the days that we were without work and it stresses me not only not having money but having debts, credit cards, due to coral cost in its first days. One thing I must mention is that now with the minimum staff and the increase in prices, I feel that I give a little more to the money and therefore a day of sales let say suppose that today it sells three thousand pesos because that would feel like a pretty contribution to my debts, because I know that, for example, three days of 3,000, well, practically they would solve the problem that I have of delayed debts, or at least they would buy me mental peace. That means that although the increase in price was little, and that we are not paying the replacement of the ESRI, it is little, in my scale it is a significant change.

[1/7/26, 4:58 PM] I have continued to develop the reservation application, in this case already to sell to other restaurants that are in similar situations. I don't know if I had already commented on this in our notes, but I already have significant advances. Yes, it needs a lot of development, but I'm already making progress. Maybe I'm worried about developing too many features, that maybe an initial client doesn't care so much about, because they only want something that works and not something that works very well for them. So maybe adding those more complicated features will take longer to launch and they will complicate the use for the owner of the restaurant So I have to make certain decisions there, but I have already advanced and I feel quite satisfied with the progress. In fact, it is practically almost usable. We are missing, let's say, 30% of the progress rules to be able to launch it. And this, taking into account that it only limits it to what is necessary to launch it, which is the most recommended, to already begin to have an idea if there is a demand for this solution, which I want to think that yes, since at least we have tried it, that it has worked for us. and with someone so persistent and with a good job like Flor, I think we have a high chance of being able to sell.

[1/7/26, 5:01 PM] My mind is divided a little in the idea of trying to put all my effort in Costa Coral, or divide my effort between Costa Coral and develop and sell this reserve application. because I don't know, I've always thought that focusing is important and not to divide your efforts, however, Cosa Coral is already advancing, even if right now we were only in the process of acquiring it If I wasn't demanding so much time and money, I would be very satisfied with letting it work. But right now it takes not only all my time but my tranquility my money I don have to spend my money on other things right now I have to spend it on other things especially before the subsidy that was given from me to be iterating and trying the idea with clients who paid 169 pesos for something that we are currently paying 16 million I tried to apply Jeff Bezos' strategy that gave very low prices in order to win the market, to learn. But that problem had to be solved and in my case it was reflected in my debt on credit cards. But hey, it was the only way to prove that we could increase the price and find a top, which I would never have imagined, which is for people to pay $ 289 for a buffet. We have no place to copy from, and that's what we liked. I hope I can get the project out of the way.

[1/7/26, 5:03 PM] I have several things in my mind that I have to solve. I'll give you some perspectives, they're not that difficult. I still feel overwhelmed. I think it could be the use of artificial intelligence tools and give me the life I want, which is something simple thing to have the opportunity to interact with artificial intelligence tools and fill my life with them what I can see fast before more people start using them and how it happened to me with other things like bitcoin where I was one of the first to see it but I never I did something that kept me up front, early or early, I just kept it as something interesting, I never took it to action, doing something that I did not want to be in the industry, and then I went out. I want to learn from that.

[1/7/26, 5:07 PM] Yes, I did. Well, actually, the gross profit of the month is around 1200. and around 1200 pesos, which, paying everything else, I'm probably still in profit, like 800 pesos. If I decided to sell the reservation system in 1899 with only two sales, I think I would be practically covering what I earned in four days. I can only do it with two of them. Let's suppose I have to make a third one to pay the floor so that it continues to sell. And that makes it clear to me that I think it is a better option if we try to optimize for my time effort and quality of life to sell the software system better. I say that because I have considered that maybe a viable strategy is not only to rest on Tuesdays, but also on Mondays, I can afford to do that, and dedicate that Monday to develop the application in a faster way. I can do everything I need to do for the application and develop that product. With only three sales, Flor and I would buy a full day of rest, rest since we prefer to rest in our houses or to be working on that project instead of working on the project of the reserves two or three hours a day than coming here to Costa Coral and doing work, being standing all day very tired with all the stress that this implies you

[1/9/26, 10:24 PM] after a few days into january 2026. today is 9. This week, at least weekdays it has been felt slow in demand in costa coral, with days of 1500 mxn, 2000 mxn. This makes the decision of letting go a Florencia and then not hiring a replacemnt for Leslye a very smart choose. At least I am not as stressed and worried as I could be if I hadnt made this decision.

[1/10/26, 8:43 PM] I will need to sell the reservation system to hire a replacement of me on Costa Coral. At least the physical work. At a very good salary for the replacement.

[1/12/26, 12:47 AM] I have noticed that there are videos on YouTube where the creator achieves, even if he is describing a concept, this concept can be about history, about the system, but he does it in a very rhythmic way, I don't know how to describe it, it sounds pleasant to the ear. I know that they use some kind of software to make music, but I would like to know more about it, what concepts do I have to investigate, to know, for example, what I do for my restaurant. What should I know to create this rhythm that is not a music, that is not poetry, but that feels like there is a kind of rhythm that pleases the ear. I don't know if it's because the words start in a grid, like the one in Fruit Loops Studio, I don't know what it's called, or like Ableton Live, I don't know, or if it has to be with respect to music, I don't know, but I would like to know what concepts I can investigate thoroughly to be able to create this effect.

[1/14/26, 11:23 PM] As more days pass, i realize that not hiring a replacement for Leslye and fire Florencia, was the smart choice. Sales have been slow in the month of January. With this slim staff is possible to limit the loses or even make  small profit. Also the increase in price benefited us.

[1/16/26, 8:25 PM] Today is 16 january 2026. Until now, our current tiktok campaing cost us 0.23 mxn per click to the landing page. This is from the lifetime of the campaing from 2025-09-12 to 2026-01-16. 

In the landing page our best design converts at 1.13%. That is from 100 people that visits, we get 1.13 reservations. 

I make this anotations because I plan to reset the data to see what is the current conversion in this slow month of January.

[1/17/26, 2:25 AM] Today is 16 january 2026. Until now, our current tiktok campaing cost us 0.23 mxn per click to the landing page. This is from the lifetime of the campaing from 2025-09-12 to 2026-01-16.
In the landing page our best design converts at 1.13%. That is from 100 people that visits, we get 1.13 reservations.
I make this anotations because I plan to reset the data to see what is the current conversion in this slow month of January.

[1/28/26, 6:29 AM] Something about Thomson Sampling that excites me. The idea of constant discovery that I can find something that works, something that following a set of rules can discover something hidden and of value.

[1/28/26, 6:33 AM] I have been away of taking notes. First because I was very stressed because of the lack of money, specially at the middle of the month, having to pay a lot of bill out me in a position that I thought I had to ask to someone for more money. This month I had to pay the severance to Leslye and other extra expenses that I didn't count on. But something weird has happened, with the next few days the sales have improved and now I feel weird, like I have more space in my head, like there is something I am forgetting, but is the lack of worries about bills to pay, it's weird to me to feel like I don't have a way to pay something 3 to 4 days in the future.

[2/19/26, 10:42 PM] Distribution of sales on the month of December

   * Buffet Premium Costo: 56.95% ($46,673.00)
       * Includes: "COSTO BUFFET PREMIUM", "PREMIUM+AGUA RESERVA", and "PROMO
         PREMIUM + AGUA"
   * Buffet Basico Costo: 25.31% ($20,743.00)
   * Taco Trio ($169): 17.74% ($14,534.00)

[2/19/26, 10:48 PM] Buffet Premium
$98
COGS per Customer

$192
Gross Profit

[2/19/26, 10:48 PM] Buffet Basico
$75
COGS per Customer

$155
Gross Profit

[2/20/26, 4:42 AM] Distribution of sales on the month of December
* Buffet Premium Costo: 56.95% ($46,673.00)
* Includes: "COSTO BUFFET PREMIUM", "PREMIUM+AGUA RESERVA", and "PROMO
PREMIUM + AGUA"
* Buffet Basico Costo: 25.31% ($20,743.00)
* Taco Trio ($169): 17.74% ($14,534.00)

[2/20/26, 4:48 AM] Buffet Premium
$98
COGS per Customer
$192
Gross Profit

[2/20/26, 4:48 AM] Buffet Basico
$75
COGS per Customer
$155
Gross Profit

[2/22/26, 4:57 AM] We are currently working with the slim staff. Flor and me on weekdays. And Flor, Monse, Yeni and me on weekends. 

We need to coordinate a lot to pull of this days with so few people. But with or very high costs of COGS, I have realized that we need to reduce the cost someplace else, in this case staff. Don't know how long we can keep this pace. 

I have though that we need to change the business model. My research points out that the model doesn't scale too well, because we need a lot of people only to sell a little more. To handle the unpredictability and burst of demand. We need to try others ideas that are more along the lines of Ala carte.

[2/22/26, 5:02 AM] I have been thinking of introducing the Taco Duo at $149, keep Taco Trio at $169. 

And rise the buffet básico at $249. Finally the buffet premium at $289. This is only an idea. Not implemented so far. 

Also not allow mixed tables (buffet and a la carte). This makes us have to police the tables and the problem that people that eats a little and we profit a lot, they choose the trio. So by not allowing mixing, we can profit a lot or reduce the loading to the kitchen if all buy trio or duo (if we introduce the duo)

[2/22/26, 5:10 AM] The range of when usually the costumers arrive is short 3:00pm to 4:30pm aprox. So the surge makes the kitchen struggle a lot. We need to find ways to serve costumers at other hours trying to sell to locals, to diversify the time the costumers arrive.

[2/22/26, 5:36 AM] Some stuff I haven't mention is that the restaurant system will be hard to sell as a SAAS. This is because the necessities of every restaurant are different. We have tested different configurations because as our needs changes the UI, the features changes and so on. I imagine this will be the same for other restaurants, one hostess, two, none, etc. This will be difficult to sell.

[2/22/26, 10:57 AM] We are currently working with the slim staff. Flor and me on weekdays. And Flor, Monse, Yeni and me on weekends.
We need to coordinate a lot to pull of this days with so few people. But with or very high costs of COGS, I have realized that we need to reduce the cost someplace else, in this case staff. Don't know how long we can keep this pace.
I have though that we need to change the business model. My research points out that the model doesn't scale too well, because we need a lot of people only to sell a little more. To handle the unpredictability and burst of demand. We need to try others ideas that are more along the lines of Ala carte.

[2/22/26, 11:02 AM] I have been thinking of introducing the Taco Duo at $149, keep Taco Trio at $169.
And rise the buffet básico at $249. Finally the buffet premium at $289. This is only an idea. Not implemented so far.
Also not allow mixed tables (buffet and a la carte). This makes us have to police the tables and the problem that people that eats a little and we profit a lot, they choose the trio. So by not allowing mixing, we can profit a lot or reduce the loading to the kitchen if all buy trio or duo (if we introduce the duo)

[2/22/26, 4:51 PM] I am making a script to combine multiple clips in a coherent way using AI to make TikTok videos. It's really good. With it I can mix a lot of videos and each one will feel different. Let's say you have 40 videos in the gallery. The combination possibilities become huge that a person watching one or two per day, will feel like each is unique. Today will use it in Costa coral and later planning to sell it as a service (I won't tell about the script) 

$6000 per month to the client

Will keep $2000
Use the $4000 for ads to the client. In Facebook and TikTok.

I think is very useful.

[2/23/26, 3:02 AM] We have had tables where one person selects the buffet and the other a taco trio or a single taco. That I think doesn't benefit the business. We move the person who eats a lot to the buffet and the person who eats a little to pay for a single taco. There is no average. This is one reason I want to stop mixed tables. The other people share food from buffet to no buffet people

[2/23/26, 3:03 AM] This month we might sell around $130,000 mxn

[2/25/26, 4:43 AM] ok so i know that social commitment makes me do stuff for some reason, but is a very specific prasure, for example when I need to do something to Costa Coral, like opening the restaurant. I feel the preasure to open, to provide good value for their money. This presure makes me do stuff.  This cannot be replicated on my personal life or when i promise something to someone close to me, for some reason.

[2/25/26, 7:59 PM] We are spending $1700 mxn on tiktok ads in the last 30 days and 74 usd on facebook ads.

[2/25/26, 8:11 PM] We usually have 1 invoice for or provider of veggies and pther supplies per week (Granados). Our expenses of COGS are mainly to this supplier and Rey Camaron. 

This are the last 3 invoices from Granados:
3083.60
5184.29
3398.45

This are the last 4 of rey camaron
3655.28
4752.12
2513.28
3234.45

[2/25/26, 8:13 PM] We spend in cheese around 5kg per week and the kilo cost $103.

[2/25/26, 8:16 PM] We are expecting to sell 126000 mxn on this month.

[2/26/26, 2:11 AM] We usually have 1 invoice for or provider of veggies and pther supplies per week (Granados). Our expenses of COGS are mainly to this supplier and Rey Camaron.
This are the last 3 invoices from Granados:
3083.60
5184.29
3398.45
This are the last 4 of rey camaron
3655.28
4752.12
2513.28
3234.45

[2/26/26, 5:10 PM] I would like to... well, rather, the service to create videos by mixing several clips, it works, I wouldn't say it's excellent, but it's enough to be functional. Some videos can be improved, but I think the idea is good. It is effective and the problem that many businesses have is simply to start uploading content to social networks, to social networks, TikTok, Facebook, so that their place is known. And I think that with that you can provide 80% of the value that an advertising agency wants to generate for a business. But currently, agencies do a lot of graphic design, which is static, it does not capture as much the attention of a client as a video. And I think it takes a lot of time doing each of the designs And in our case, by mixing, let's say in a business bank, 40 clips, 30 clips, you can practically generate an infinite amount or that at least to the perception of the client of those interested in going to that business they see it as each business, each video, a different video. So I think there is a great potential of value to the business that contracts this service. Not necessarily the program or the script, but to me as an agency that uses this tool, I have considered that a good value would be 3,000 pesos a month, and for this amount, maybe offer 30 videos per month and another option with maybe 15 videos per month for $2,600. Something like that to force them to upgrade to $3,000.

[2/26/26, 5:13 PM] The script to combine videos is practically finished. It is more functional. What is missing is to perfect it. However, I can't find a way to force myself to offer this service. I don't know why, I'm afraid of rejection, but it should be given as the price that has to be paid. even create the tools so that a third party can sell it as a flower. For this I would use a landing page and a kind of CRM so that it can mark the contacts that the and the businesses that you will contact, maybe through social networks, or those that you have to contact physically, our conversion rate, etc. Maybe if I just build these two tools it would be a quick way to get the service and taking into account that for each client we convert, it is 3,000 pesos per month, this work would only have to be done once, and I don't know how many clients we can convince per week, but even if it were one a week, it would be 12,000 pesos. The second month would be 24,000. And since the expenses are minimal, it is a much more profitable model than the current restaurant. But I don't know, I don't know what is limiting me to not sell. To not sell this solution or to move faster or to create these tools so that someone else can sell it.

[2/26/26, 5:21 PM] A problem that I currently see with the idea of selling this video service, is that I am the factor that stops the sale. That is, if I do not sell anything, there is no result. Coral rose, the interesting thing is that either Flo or I are producing sometimes both at the same time, sometimes one, sometimes the other. but it is a very effective combination. So, if we do the same here, I give her the tools to sell her or me, I also think that the problem is just trying to sell it to five clients, If we sell it that would break that mental barrier that I have And once we have two clients I think it would be enough for me to start offering it Yes, I think it's a mental barrier and it gives me rejection. Or that people think it was not worth it. Although I, from the very beginning, feel that it is very worth it to pay $2,300, $3,000. and this one. And I think that this service can be automated in great measure, except to go to visit the business, maybe a couple of times, the first time, to capture videos. And then, just once a month, to give the right quality, add another video, add the restaurant context, to make them more and more accurate, these videos generated with artificial intelligence.

[2/26/26, 5:24 PM] Let's suppose that for Clint, after all the expenses, there are 2,200 pesos left, and per month, for Clint, and currently in the restaurant, according to some calculations I made, I am carrying around 100 pesos per hour, already adding the profit from the business plus my activity as a waiter. That means that a client is equivalent to around 22 hours of mine in the restaurant. which is equivalent to three days So for each client that I get I earn three days And if this client renews their subscription with us, I can quickly start releasing days for myself. I wonder, for example, with 5 clubs, which I find practical, 5, which are 15 days, maybe half a month, which would be something incredible. So I think there is a great opportunity to make greater leverage with this digital business that I am currently in.

[2/26/26, 7:42 PM] # Costa Coral — Business Intelligence

_Compiled: February 25, 2026 | Source: All MD files_

---

## 1. Restaurant Identity

| Field                     | Value                                                  |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Name**            | Costa Coral                                            |
| **Concept**         | Seafood taco buffet (all-you-can-eat)                  |
| **Location**        | Bucareli street, Morelia, Michoacán, Mexico           |
| **Opened**          | ~2024                                                  |
| **Owner**           | Luis M (born March 27, 1982)                           |
| **Tables**          | 8 (reduced from 10 to open space for stage/dance area) |
| **Max capacity**    | ~32 covers                                             |
| **Reservation URL** | reservacoral.com                                       |

---

## 2. Operating Hours

| Day               | Status                            |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------- |
| Wednesday–Monday | Open                              |
| **Tuesday** | **CLOSED — no exceptions** |
| Owner arrives     | 11:00 AM                          |
| Doors open        | 1:00 PM                           |
| Kitchen closes    | 6:30–7:00 PM                     |

---

## 3. Staff

| Name             | Role            | Schedule      |
| ---------------- | --------------- | ------------- |
| Luis             | Owner / floater | Wed–Mon      |
| Flor (Florencia) | Kitchen         | Wed–Mon      |
| Monse            | Kitchen         | Sat–Sun only |
| Yenni            | Kitchen         | Sat–Sun only |

- **Weekdays:** 2 people (Flor + Luis) — tight
- **Weekends:** 4 people (Flor + Monse + Yenni + Luis)

---

## 4. Menu & Pricing

### Buffet Tiers

| Tier                | Price                                                          | What's Included | COGS/Person | Gross Margin |
| ------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- | ----------- | ------------ |
| **Taco Trio** | $169 MXN | 3 tacos of any protein + salad bar | ~$38–42       | ~75–77%        |             |              |
| **Básico**   | $229 MXN | All-you-can-eat (13 proteins) + salad bar | ~$72.06 | ~69%            |             |              |
| **Premium**   | $289 MXN | All-you-can-eat (23 proteins) + salad bar | ~$90.47 | ~69%            |             |              |

**Rules:**

- No mixed tables — entire table must choose buffet OR individual tacos
- Water is a paid add-on (not free)
- Taco Trio became volume leader after $199 → $229 Básico price increase

### Individual Tacos (Concept / Testing)

| Price Range | Sample Dishes                                   | Margin   |
| ----------- | ----------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| $33–39     | Vera, Ensenada, Especial, Calamares             | ~75–80% |
| $49–59     | Fundido del Patrón, Volcán de Mar, Gobernador | ~60–75% |

Target segment: local pedestrians (lower spending power).

---

## 5. Dish Costs (COGS per Taco)

### Básico Items — Best Margins First

| Dish                                | Cost   | Margin (6.8 tacos) |
| ----------------------------------- | ------ | ------------------ |
| Taco Vera                           | $6.39  | ~72%               |
| Taco Estilo Ensenada                | $6.82  | ~71%               |
| Taco de aros de calamar roca        | $6.96  | ~70%               |
| Taco Especial                       | $6.95  | ~70%               |
| Quesa Taco Adobado                  | $6.97  | ~70%               |
| Taco de Filete Empanizado           | $7.94  | ~65%               |
| Taco de aros de calamar empanizados | $8.03  | ~65%               |
| Flautas del Mar de Camarón         | $8.39  | ~63%               |
| Taco Filete al Coco                 | $8.23  | ~64%               |
| Taco Ciclón de Jaiba               | $9.30  | ~59%               |
| Taco Litoral Negro                  | $9.52  | ~58%               |
| Taco Ahumado del Pacífico          | $10.33 | ~55%               |
| Taco de Bistek                      | $11.36 | ~50%               |
| Taco de Arrachera                   | $11.99 | ~48%               |

### Premium-Only Items

| Dish                                 | Cost   | Margin |
| ------------------------------------ | ------ | ------ |
| Taco Arrecife                        | $12.12 | ~58%   |
| Quesa Taco Langosta Camarón         | $12.43 | ~57%   |
| Taco Camarón Roca                   | $12.36 | ~57%   |
| Taco Camarón Empanizado             | $13.33 | ~54%   |
| Taco Camarón Coco                   | $13.81 | ~52%   |
| Taco Diablitos de Camarón y Cebolla | $13.45 | ~53%   |
| Taco Gobernador                      | $14.61 | ~49%   |
| Pasta al Mojo de Ajo                 | $14.77 | ~49%   |
| Plato Camarones Mojo de Ajo          | $15.04 | ~48%   |
| Taco Costa Coral (signature)         | $16.84 | ~42%   |
| Plato Camarones Estilo Louisiana     | $25.46 | ~12%   |

**Key insight:** Fish tacos (Vera $6.39, Ensenada $6.82) have 2× better margin than shrimp options. Shrimp is the customer draw, not the profit driver — quality must never be reduced.

---

## 6. Suppliers

| Supplier        | Products                | Feb 2026 Spend |
| --------------- | ----------------------- | -------------- |
| Rey Camarón    | Shrimp, seafood         | $13,762 MXN    |
| Granados        | Meat, produce, oil      | $18,494.92 MXN |
| La Central      | Cheese, garlic, staples | $250 MXN       |
| Pulpa Mía      | Specialty seafood       | $1,724 MXN     |
| Tortilla vendor | Hand-made tortillas     | $203 MXN       |
| Soda supplier   | Beverages               | $753 MXN       |

**Total Feb 2026 COGS (suppliers):** ~$35,357 MXN

---

## 7. Fixed Monthly Costs

| Category              | Amount (MXN/month) |
| --------------------- | ------------------ |
| Rent                  | $13,650            |
| Staff                 | $19,052            |
| Electricity           | $3,000             |
| TikTok + Facebook Ads | $4,457             |
| Accountant            | $1,400             |
| Gas LP                | $1,000             |
| Garbage               | $520               |
| Security              | $400               |
| Water service         | $400               |
| Internet              | $350               |
| **Total Fixed** | **$42,697**  |

---

## 8. Financial Performance

### February 2026 — Daily Revenue Log

| Date   | Day | Tables | Revenue | Notes                      |
| ------ | --- | ------ | ------- | -------------------------- |
| Feb 1  | Sun | —     | $11,831 | Strong Sunday              |
| Feb 2  | Mon | —     | $0      | Closed — Constitution Day |
| Feb 3  | Tue | —     | $0      | Closed                     |
| Feb 4  | Wed | —     | $377    | CRISIS — Lowest ever      |
| Feb 5  | Thu | —     | $2,080  | Weak Thursday              |
| Feb 6  | Fri | —     | $2,054  | Friday disaster            |
| Feb 7  | Sat | —     | $8,361  | Recovery Saturday          |
| Feb 8  | Sun | —     | $12,363 | Strong Sunday              |
| Feb 9  | Mon | —     | $1,890  | Slow Monday                |
| Feb 10 | Tue | —     | $0      | Closed                     |
| Feb 11 | Wed | 4      | $4,007  | Slow Wednesday             |
| Feb 12 | Thu | 4      | $4,082  | Consistent Thursday        |
| Feb 13 | Fri | 6      | $5,718  | Solid Friday               |
| Feb 14 | Sat | 6      | $9,166  | Valentine's Day            |
| Feb 15 | Sun | —     | $10,500 | Near-typical Sunday        |
| Feb 16 | Mon | —     | ~$1,100 | Lowest Monday on record    |

**Feb 1–15 Actual Total:** $66,711 MXN
**Projected Monthly Revenue:** ~$131,311 MXN

### February 2026 Profit Projection

| Metric                                               | Amount                |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| Projected Revenue                                    | $131,311 MXN          |
| COGS (suppliers)                                     | $35,357 MXN           |
| Fixed Costs                                          | $42,697 MXN           |
| **Projected Net Profit**                       | **$53,257 MXN** |
| **Gap to $40K Goal** | **+$13,257 OVER** |                       |

### Monthly Targets

| Target                 | Amount              |
| ---------------------- | ------------------- |
| Revenue target         | $120,000 MXN/month  |
| Profit goal            | $40,000 MXN/month   |
| Current Feb projection | ~$53,257 MXN profit |

---

## 9. Revenue Patterns

| Pattern                                 | Detail                                                           |
| --------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Only Sundays** hit max capacity | Saturdays do not — Mexican cultural spending patterns           |
| Sunday revenue                          | ~$10,500–$12,363 (culturally driven, special occasion spending) |
| Saturday revenue                        | ~$8,000–$9,200                                                  |
| Weekday average                         | 4 tables/day, $2,000–$5,700                                     |
| Monday                                  | Slowest weekday (~$1,100–$1,890)                                |
| Weekend–Weekday ratio                  | 3–5× stronger on weekends                                      |
| Worst ever day                          | $377 (Feb 4, 2026)                                               |
| Best ever day                           | ~$14,819 (Nov 30, 2025)                                          |

---

## 10. Marketing & Attribution

| Channel    | Share                 | Notes                   |
| ---------- | --------------------- | ----------------------- |
| TikTok ads | ~40% of traffic       | Primary channel         |
| Instagram  | ~30% (low confidence) | Owner estimate          |
| Referrals  | ~35% (low confidence) | Owner estimate          |
| Walk-ins   | ~20% (unmeasured)     | Strategic growth target |

**TikTok metrics:**

- Budget: ~$3,000–5,000 MXN/month (included in fixed costs above as $4,457)
- Initial ROAS: ~10× (declining over time)
- CPC: ~$0.32 MXN
- Conversion rate: ~1.46% from site visits

---

## 11. Customer Segments

| Segment              | Behavior                                  | Channel       | Notes                 |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | ------------- | --------------------- |
| Destination visitors | Come from across town/state, higher spend | TikTok/social | Drive weekend traffic |
| Local pedestrians    | Walk by, price-sensitive                  | Foot traffic  | Weekday growth lever  |

**No-show rate:** 35% on reservations (validated by owner). Potential fix: deposits or confirmation calls.

---

## 12. Experiments & Tests

### Active

| ID      | Name               | Period    | Hypothesis                                     |
| ------- | ------------------ | --------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| EXP-001 | $149 Weekday Promo | Feb 8–17 | Lower prices drive 2+ extra tables on weekdays |

### Historical

| ID       | Name                                  | Result                                                                |
| -------- | ------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| HIST-001 | Price increase $199 → $229 (Básico) | Revenue/cover up; customers shifted to Taco Trio. Net impact unclear. |
| HIST-002 | TikTok ad campaign                    | 40% of traffic; initial ROAS ~10×, now declining                     |
| HIST-003 | Eliminate free water                  | Saved ~$2–3K/month; minimal complaints                               |
| HIST-004 | Staff reduction 5→4 people           | Saves ~$8K/month; weekends tight; risk = Luis burnout                 |

---

## 13. Growth Strategy

### Primary Lever: Weekday Foot Traffic

- Weekends near max capacity → growth must come from weekdays
- Target: +$16K/month needs ~$760/day increase (~3–4 extra tables from local pedestrians)
- Individual taco offering at lower price point is the proposed mechanism

### Margin Optimization

- Best margin items: Taco Trio (75%+), Básico fish tacos (70–72%)
- Avoid pushing Louisiana Shrimp plate ($25.46 cost, only 12% margin)
- Taco Vera and Taco Ensenada are the profit workhorses

### Pricing History

| Period    | Básico     | Premium         | Notes                       |
| --------- | ----------- | --------------- | --------------------------- |
| Sep 2025  | $199        | —              | Original anchor price       |
| Late 2025 | $229        | —              | Shifted volume to Taco Trio |
| Feb 2026  | $229 | $289 | Current pricing |                             |

---

## 14. Open Questions & Unknowns

| Question                                                          | Priority | Status                                                 |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| Why is Monday declining? (Feb 9: $1,890 → Feb 16: $1,100, –42%) | High     | Need 2–3 more Mondays to confirm trend                |
| Root cause of Feb 4–6 crash ($377, $2,080, $2,054)               | High     | Unknown — immediate recovery suggests external factor |
| Taco cost breakdown by protein (for individual pricing)           | High     | Pending                                                |
| Individual taco price point Luis prefers                          | High     | Pending                                                |
| Customer retention / return visit rate                            | Medium   | No data                                                |
| Google Maps rating & review count                                 | Medium   | No data                                                |
| Peak arrival times on weekdays                                    | Medium   | No data                                                |
| Signage printing decision                                         | Low      | Owner previously said NO                               |

---

## 15. Competitive & Contextual Notes

- Bucareli street has moderate foot traffic — not a "destination" food area
- No controlled parking — street only
- Cash flow is razor-thin (bank at $0 on Feb 13, 2026)
- Luis's father provided emergency capital in Sep 2025 to cover debt
- Luis goal: additional ~$15,000 MXN/month to feel financially secure
- Long-term owner goal: reduce restaurant hours, move to more computer/office-based work

```

```

[2/28/26, 7:12 AM] I have decided to switch from our current provider of premade concentrates for the water we serve to made it ourselves. I suspect we spend around 6660 MXN monthly. It's called pulpa mia. 
I suspect we can make it for around $1600 MXN a month if we make it per month.

[2/28/26, 1:12 PM] I have decided to switch from our current provider of premade concentrates for the water we serve to made it ourselves. I suspect we spend around 6660 MXN monthly. It's called pulpa mia.
I suspect we can make it for around $1600 MXN a month if we make it per month.

[3/5/26, 7:41 AM] We cannot implement the charge to make a reservation. People in Mexico doesn't like that

[3/6/26, 1:41 AM]  This is a test to see if it really works.

[3/6/26, 1:45 AM]  Today I have to pay the rent for the local day of Costa Coral It's 7.44, I think we're just in the depot After doing that deposit I can do the transfer that is needed In addition to that, I have to resume with the publicity, a lot, to eliminate the interior where we mentioned that water was given correctly since this is not going to be a promotion that we are going to include and I have to register our expenses well to know that now that we are going to incorporate the jars with chili water and other cold foods if it really reduces our expenses or also reduces the workload in the kitchen since it will move a little of the workload to the first hours when we are doing production instead of the peak

[3/6/26, 1:51 AM]  Ok, what else do I have to do tonight? Well, that, make the last decisions, for example, if I am told that we are giving water the water 69 pesos so it must be very good because that will subsidize a little the cost of the buffet so that we can sell it at the prices that we are giving it And that in the promotion in the advertising it appears at a relatively cheap price We continue I think it is a good idea to continue promoting the price of the basic buffet Thanks to our hook And this Continue promoting it and already inside the restaurant Try Sell them the premium buffet to increase our profit I´m almost sure that if we tried to sell the premium buffet that is, to offer directly the price of the premium buffet maybe we wouldn´t have the demand we have on weekends but we´ll find out What else? I think that is all for now.

[3/6/26, 1:56 AM]  I feel that with the decision that I am very satisfied is with the one of dividing, not allowing the mixed tables, although we have not seen the results, but that will release the load quite a bit, the only thing that will be, we will also have to practice as waiters, how are we going to explain it in a friendly way and for example what happens when a couple goes and they have two children of ten, no, an age that exceeds, for example, the meter 30 centimeters, which is where they would have to pay the full buffet well you will have to be very direct that to access everyone has to ask for a buffet In any case they want a buffet or they can ask for a card but everyone has to ask for a card What will happen? Yes, I think that will have to be very firm. I need rules to avoid the inconveniences that we have had in the past when the customers who ask for a buffet give it to someone who has not asked for a buffet at the end of the day, that's what I end up paying and obviously I'm not in the position to be giving food so if you don think so or it very expensive for you to eat at the buffet you can go to a cart Even so you will have to pay more or consume less and that will free us I work in the kitchen so that it is not so difficult and we end up so exhausted on the weekends and well, I am still not sure how people are going to respond how they are going to feel inside the kitchen I mean more how they will respond, especially if everyone will go to premium buffet everyone will go to basic buffet, or how the proportions will be redistributed in the demand that is my curiosity how the proportion will change there is a high possibility that some premiums will go to basic because they had the idea of spending 229 and previously some of them could be a family of 4 could switch to premium, one of the family could switch to premium and the rest to basic now everyone would have to be basic in that case because it would be very expensive for a person to switch and I don't know, I think it will end up benefiting us in the corral of the big numbers, either with higher sales or with a decrease in workload.

[3/6/26, 2:01 AM]  Something we have to do is implement as quickly as possible the selling to the people who pass in front of the business or the people who are in the businesses around I'm sure that they will tell us if I have already seen it they asked us when we offered more accessible tacos practically they always asked us for a rachera and I feel that they can pay up to 36 pesos per taco However, once we started raising our prices, once we had the buffet, these customers stopped buying because they were not enough. I suspect that their budget must be between 69 and 99 pesos a day to spend on food on the street So I think we should resume. It does require an investment, but it is already minimal with the possible profit, it can be quite a lot because we already have everything, we only We are busy promoting, making combos that are more accessible and that people who are willing to spend that amount of money and not 169 or 229 that can be something very expensive but 89 79 there we can have an additional income I would also like to explore this I must agree where if we talk about probabilities it is easier to sell something that is cheap Let's say something like $29 pesos to something very expensive, like for example, currently we have accounts of over $1,000 pesos. There must be some probability that explains that to us, and that obviously if we try to pursue a cheap account, as we currently do, the probability of us constantly getting them is difficult, however, reducing our... I'm not saying replacing what we really have now, but to pursue these other clients at the time of 1 to 3 pm where we don have demand and even though Flor is doing production and I am cleaning if demand is already there, it would be useless to go and treat someone else, and not be so busy with work, or increase our expenses, or in the future even replace the buffet and build Costa Coral around a concept that does not require a waiter and at that moment I can go out of work, go out every day, do a more sustainable business because right now I feel that three people are forced to occupy daily or at least the days that are offered in the buffet So, maybe we have to revisit the business of the buffet, maybe just offer it on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays or something like that. Something that allows me not to have to go every day.

[3/8/26, 4:44 AM] It's just the second day where we are trying not to allow mixing, for example, taco trio with buffet or taco duo with buffet, that is, card with the option of buffet, it is very soon to say, I have to analyze the numbers but for now I think I have seen that I suspect, I have not seen but it can be anecdotal with the few samples that we have seen the average ticket can increase and the average consumption can increase I wonder what happens if this only represents half a taco per table or even one how much would this represent at the end of the month and well, you have to verify it with numbers, I have to verify with 11 that the number of people who attend is really entering to be able to have precise statistics But, the little we have analyzed, apparently, if it slightly increases the average ticket or decreases the consumption of tacos At least we just saw a table where the person a person who wanted to win a prize and the others wanted more and he made everyone become a prize Well, that equals to 60 pesos, practically 60 pesos per person and as a person converted 3 would be almost 180 pesos additional of the table that we would not have obtained because excellent with the policy that we are not going to give water with the reserve I do not know if it benefited us affected us since today we have only had two reservations but I am also very aware that usually I put 200 pesos on Friday, 200 pesos on Saturday and 200 pesos on Sunday in publicity on TikTok and this week I didn't do it, I didn't do it on Friday So, it may have affected, although yesterday we sold well, which contradicts both theories. Because on the one hand, it showed us that it didn't matter that water policy, we sold well. In fact, yesterday we sold more than we have today, Saturday at 4.40 pm But well, the day is not over yet, on Saturday we will see how much we end up selling

[3/8/26, 5:28 AM] Preliminary data (first 2 days). Show the following ratios after the changes in not allowing mixed tables
Premium 49% 24 sales
Básico 14% 7 sales
Trio/Duo 37% 18 sales

[3/9/26, 4:43 AM] with data of 3 days the average taco is 4.65. But I think is more around 6 per costumer, a reduction from the previous 6.8 tacos. this happenedafter the no mixed tables policy. We need more data to have it for certain, but encouraging data.

[3/9/26, 7:03 AM] Yesterday and today, the sales of beverage represent 21% of the total sales, both days. This is significant. Before it represented a lot less, don't know the amount but it was less than 21% or the total sales

[3/9/26, 7:08 AM] today we sold $8737

[3/10/26, 3:19 AM] we have more data to tell that the current average tacos per costumer in the buffet is 5.65 after revising a full weekend (friday, sat, sun)

[3/10/26, 5:10 AM] March 6-8, 2026 Customer Behavior Snapshot
Generated from finalized cheques in softrestaurant10 on 2026-03-09.
Purpose
This snapshot summarizes how customer behavior looked on March 6, 7, and 8, 2026 after the recent changes. It focuses on buffet behavior, taco trio behavior, and beverage sales.
Methodology
- Scope: finalized non-cancelled rows in `cheques` and `cheqdet` for 2026-03-06, 2026-03-07, and 2026-03-08.
- `Table` in this report means finalized check / folio. Finalized data does not preserve the live mesa label, so folio is the stable reference.
- `Trio table`: any folio that contains a product description with both `taco` and `trio`.
- `Premium-only buffet`: folio contains at least one row with `buffet` and `premium`, and no row with `buffet` and `basico`.
- `Basico-only buffet`: folio contains at least one row with `buffet` and `basico`, and no row with `buffet` and `premium`.
- `Mixed buffet`: folio contains both premium and basico pricing rows. Mixed folios are excluded from premium vs basico comparison.
- `Untyped buffet`: folio has zero-price buffet consumption rows, but no basico or premium pricing row.
- `buffet_selections`: zero-price buffet rows where the description contains `BUFFET`. This is a POS selection count, not a kitchen portion count.
- Beverage section uses product groups `AGUA`, `REFRESCO`, and `SIN ALCOHOL`.
Executive Summary
- Total finalized sales across the 3 days: 22,162.00 MXN from 31 checks and 70 guests.
- Average check: 714.90 MXN. Average sales per guest: 316.60 MXN.
- Total beverage revenue: 4,270.00 MXN, equal to 19.27% of total sales.
- `AGUA CON REFIL` alone generated 3,438.00 MXN, which is 80.52% of beverage revenue.
- There were 24 buffet checks in total, generating 17,310.00 MXN, or 78.11% of total sales.
- There were no mixed basico/premium buffet checks in finalized data.
- Premium-only buffet checks showed higher buffet item consumption per guest than basico-only checks:
- Premium-only overall: 16 checks, 38 guests, 13,218.00 MXN, 222 buffet selections, 5.84 buffet items per guest.
- Basico-only overall: 8 checks, 14 guests, 4,092.00 MXN, 72 buffet selections, 5.14 buffet items per guest.
- No untyped buffet checks were found.
- Trio activity appears in 7 trio checks.
Daily Overview
2026-03-06
- Checks: 10
- Guests: 20
- Total sales: 6,613.00 MXN
- Average check: 661.30 MXN
- Sales per guest: 330.65 MXN
- Beverage revenue: 1,031.00 MXN
- Beverage share of sales: 15.59%
- Buffet checks with buffet consumption: 7
- Trio checks: 3
2026-03-07
- Checks: 9
- Guests: 22
- Total sales: 6,812.00 MXN
- Average check: 756.89 MXN
- Sales per guest: 309.64 MXN
- Beverage revenue: 1,367.00 MXN
- Beverage share of sales: 20.07%
- Buffet checks with buffet consumption: 7
- Trio checks: 2
2026-03-08
- Checks: 12
- Guests: 28
- Total sales: 8,737.00 MXN
- Average check: 728.08 MXN
- Sales per guest: 312.04 MXN
- Beverage revenue: 1,872.00 MXN
- Beverage share of sales: 21.43%
- Buffet checks with buffet consumption: 10
- Trio checks: 2
Buffet Segmentation Summary
Mixed buffet folios found: 0
2026-03-06
- Premium-only: 5 checks, 10 guests, 3,581.00 MXN sales, 11 premium seat rows, 66 buffet_selections, 6.60 buffet items per guest, 358.10 MXN sales per guest
- Basico-only: 2 checks, 4 guests, 1,132.00 MXN sales, 4 basico seat rows, 18 buffet_selections, 4.50 buffet items per guest, 283.00 MXN sales per guest
- Untyped buffet: 0 checks
2026-03-07
- Premium-only: 5 checks, 13 guests, 4,679.00 MXN sales, 13 premium seat rows, 73 buffet_selections, 5.62 buffet items per guest, 359.92 MXN sales per guest
- Basico-only: 2 checks, 3 guests, 874.00 MXN sales, 3 basico seat rows, 14 buffet_selections, 4.67 buffet items per guest, 291.33 MXN sales per guest
- Untyped buffet: 0 checks
2026-03-08
- Premium-only: 6 checks, 15 guests, 4,958.00 MXN sales, 14 premium seat rows, 83 buffet_selections, 5.53 buffet items per guest, 330.53 MXN sales per guest
- Basico-only: 4 checks, 7 guests, 2,086.00 MXN sales, 7 basico seat rows, 40 buffet_selections, 5.71 buffet items per guest, 298.00 MXN sales per guest
- Untyped buffet: 0 checks
Overall Buffet Comparison
- Premium-only: 16 checks, 38 guests, 13,218.00 MXN sales, 38 premium seat rows, 222 buffet_selections, 5.84 buffet items per guest, 347.84 MXN sales per guest
- Basico-only: 8 checks, 14 guests, 4,092.00 MXN sales, 14 basico seat rows, 72 buffet_selections, 5.14 buffet items per guest, 292.29 MXN sales per guest
- Untyped buffet: 0 checks
- All buffet checks combined: 24 checks, 52 guests, 17,310.00 MXN sales, 294 buffet_selections, 5.65 buffet items per guest
Buffet Check Detail
2026-03-06 premium_only
- Folio 5962: 2 guests, total 576.00, premium seat rows 2, buffet_selections 13
- Folio 5963: 3 guests, total 1,041.00, premium seat rows 3, buffet_selections 22
- Folio 5965: 1 guest, total 694.00, premium seat rows 2, buffet_selections 5
- Folio 5966: 2 guests, total 576.00, premium seat rows 2, buffet_selections 16
- Folio 5967: 2 guests, total 694.00, premium seat rows 2, buffet_selections 10
2026-03-06 basico_only
- Folio 5968: 2 guests, total 576.00, basico seat rows 2, buffet_selections 9
- Folio 5970: 2 guests, total 556.00, basico seat rows 2, buffet_selections 9
2026-03-07 premium_only
- Folio 5973: 2 guests, total 714.00, premium seat rows 2, buffet_selections 14
- Folio 5974: 2 guests, total 714.00, premium seat rows 2, buffet_selections 18
- Folio 5977: 4 guests, total 1,437.00, premium seat rows 4, buffet_selections 12
- Folio 5978: 2 guests, total 743.00, premium seat rows 2, buffet_selections 13
- Folio 5982: 3 guests, total 1,071.00, premium seat rows 3, buffet_selections 16
2026-03-07 basico_only
- Folio 5979: 2 guests, total 596.00, basico seat rows 2, buffet_selections 9
- Folio 5983: 1 guest, total 278.00, basico seat rows 1, buffet_selections 5
2026-03-08 premium_only
- Folio 5987: 2 guests, total 714.00, premium seat rows 2, buffet_selections 15
- Folio 5988: 2 guests, total 714.00, premium seat rows 2, buffet_selections 13
- Folio 5989: 2 guests, total 714.00, premium seat rows 2, buffet_selections 11
- Folio 5994: 2 guests, total 714.00, premium seat rows 2, buffet_selections 14
- Folio 5996: 3 guests, total 1,100.00, premium seat rows 3, buffet_selections 15
- Folio 5997: 4 guests, total 1,002.00, premium seat rows 3, buffet_selections 15
2026-03-08 basico_only
- Folio 5991: 2 guests, total 596.00, basico seat rows 2, buffet_selections 14
- Folio 5992: 2 guests, total 596.00, basico seat rows 2, buffet_selections 10
- Folio 5993: 1 guest, total 298.00, basico seat rows 1, buffet_selections 7
- Folio 5995: 2 guests, total 596.00, basico seat rows 2, buffet_selections 9
Taco Trio Tables
Daily summary
- 2026-03-06: 3 trio checks, 6 guests, 1,900.00 MXN in check sales, 8 trio rows, 1,352.00 MXN trio revenue
- 2026-03-07: 2 trio checks, 6 guests, 1,259.00 MXN in check sales, 6 trio rows, 1,014.00 MXN trio revenue
- 2026-03-08: 2 trio checks, 6 guests, 1,693.00 MXN in check sales, 3 trio rows, 507.00 MXN trio revenue
- Overall: 7 trio checks, 18 guests, 4,852.00 MXN in check sales, 17 trio rows, 2,873.00 MXN trio revenue
Detailed trio checks
- 2026-03-06 folio 5964: 3 guests, total 595.00, trio rows 3, trio revenue 507.00
- 2026-03-06 folio 5969: 1 guest, total 892.00, trio rows 4, trio revenue 676.00
- 2026-03-06 folio 5971: 2 guests, total 413.00, trio rows 1, trio revenue 169.00
- 2026-03-07 folio 5975: 4 guests, total 872.00, trio rows 4, trio revenue 676.00
- 2026-03-07 folio 5976: 2 guests, total 387.00, trio rows 2, trio revenue 338.00
- 2026-03-08 folio 5990: 2 guests, total 883.00, trio rows 1, trio revenue 169.00
- 2026-03-08 folio 5998: 4 guests, total 810.00, trio rows 2, trio revenue 338.00
Beverage Sales
Overall beverage totals
- AGUA group: 53 units, 3,467.00 MXN
- REFRESCO group: 17 units, 803.00 MXN
- Combined beverage revenue: 4,270.00 MXN
2026-03-06 beverage detail
- AGUA CON REFIL: 15 units, 885.00 MXN
- BOTELLA DE AGUA: 1 unit, 29.00 MXN
- COCA COLA 355 ML: 3 units, 117.00 MXN
2026-03-07 beverage detail
- AGUA CON REFIL: 12 units, 828.00 MXN
- COCA COLA 355 ML: 7 units, 343.00 MXN
- SIDRAL MUNDET 355 ML: 2 units, 98.00 MXN
- FANTA: 1 unit, 49.00 MXN
- FRESCA: 1 unit, 49.00 MXN
2026-03-08 beverage detail
- AGUA CON REFIL: 25 units, 1,725.00 MXN
- COCA COLA 355 ML: 2 units, 98.00 MXN
- SIDRAL MUNDET 355 ML: 1 unit, 49.00 MXN
Top Paid Items By Day
2026-03-06
- COSTO BUFFET PREMIUM: 11 units, 3,168.00 MXN
- TACO TRIO: 8 units, 1,352.00 MXN
- COSTO BUFFET BASICO: 4 units, 916.00 MXN
- AGUA CON REFIL: 15 units, 885.00 MXN
- TACO DUO: 1 unit, 146.00 MXN
- COCA COLA 355 ML: 3 units, 117.00 MXN
2026-03-07
- COSTO BUFFET PREMIUM: 13 units, 3,744.00 MXN
- TACO TRIO: 6 units, 1,014.00 MXN
- AGUA CON REFIL: 12 units, 828.00 MXN
- COSTO BUFFET BASICO: 3 units, 687.00 MXN
- COCA COLA 355 ML: 7 units, 343.00 MXN
- SIDRAL MUNDET 355 ML: 2 units, 98.00 MXN
- FANTA: 1 unit, 49.00 MXN
- FRESCA: 1 unit, 49.00 MXN
2026-03-08
- COSTO BUFFET PREMIUM: 14 units, 4,032.00 MXN
- AGUA CON REFIL: 25 units, 1,725.00 MXN
- COSTO BUFFET BASICO: 7 units, 1,603.00 MXN
- TACO DUO: 4 units, 584.00 MXN
- TACO TRIO: 3 units, 507.00 MXN
- HAMBURGUESA CAM CARTA: 1 unit, 139.00 MXN
- COCA COLA 355 ML: 2 units, 98.00 MXN
- SIDRAL MUNDET 355 ML: 1 unit, 49.00 MXN
Top Buffet Items By Day
2026-03-06
- CAMARON COCO BUFFET: 9
- CAMARON ROCA BUFFET: 9
- QUESATACO LANGOSTA BUFFET: 7
- ARRACHERA BUFFET: 5
- FILETE MOJO BUFFET: 5
- PLATO CAMARONES BUFFET: 5
- TACO COSTA CORAL BUFFET: 5
- TACO DIABLITO BUFFET: 5
- TACO ESPECIAL BUFFET: 5
- TACO VERA BUFFET: 5
2026-03-07
- ENSENADA FILETE BUFFET: 9
- ARRACHERA BUFFET: 8
- GOBERNADOR BUFFET: 7
- TACO COSTA CORAL BUFFET: 7
- TACO DIABLITO BUFFET: 7
- PLATO CAMARONES BUFFET: 6
- CAMARON COCO BUFFET: 5
- CAMARON EMPANIZADO BUFFET: 5
- QUESATACO LANGOSTA BUFFET: 5
- PASTA MOJO AJO BUFFET: 4
2026-03-08
- ARRACHERA BUFFET: 11
- CAMARON EMPANIZADO BUFFET: 10
- GOBERNADOR BUFFET: 10
- TACO ESPECIAL BUFFET: 9
- CAMARON COCO BUFFET: 8
- ENSENADA FILETE BUFFET: 8
- TACO COSTA CORAL BUFFET: 7
- FILETE COCO BUFFET: 6
- TACO DIABLITO BUFFET: 6
- TACO VERA BUFFET: 6
Data Quality / Interpretation Notes
- No mixed basico/premium buffet folios were found in these 3 days.
- No untyped buffet checks were found.
- Some buffet folios have priced buffet seat rows that do not match `nopersonas`:
- 2026-03-06 folio 5965: 1 guest vs 2 premium seat rows
- 2026-03-08 folio 5997: 4 guests vs 3 premium seat rows
- Because of those mismatches, `nopersonas` is the better denominator for behavior per guest, while priced buffet rows are useful as a secondary signal, not a perfect guest count.
Suggested Read Of The Snapshot
- Premium buffet still shows higher buffet item consumption per guest than basico.
- Beverage sales became a larger share of sales on March 7 and March 8 than on March 6, driven mainly by `AGUA CON REFIL`.

[3/13/26, 12:46 PM] This jueves we sold around 6200 MXN. This is great. I think we can sell around 130,000 to 135,000 MXN this month.

[3/14/26, 3:24 AM] today friday, very low sales. its kind of raining, but still we where specting more sales from today. only 3 people so far. at around $900. I should be less anxious, yesterday we sold around 6000 mxn, yes it was mainly from one big table, but still, demand is demand. But I isually get worried whenever we make changes and I think that whgat if I made changes that broke th ebusiness, I need to remoiand myself that this is a datapoint.
Pribably yes, free water with reservation, attracts some costumers that currenlty we dont have. but we need to test having the promo and dont have it. To see the effects, we know what is to have the promo.
I need to wait to see how people react to the changes.
Also we are on 13, days before many peolpe get paid in Mexico, I need to be remianded of that.

[3/14/26, 5:07 AM] Date range: 2026-03-06 to 2026-03-13 sales. In this time frame we applied the new changes, no mixed tables, no agua gratis with refill on reservations.
- Total sales amount: 34,495.00
- Total dishes served on the period: 538
- People served: 109
- Buffet basico sold: 22
- Buffet premium sold: 59
- Taco trio sold: 26
- Taco duo sold: 7

[3/14/26, 5:13 AM] ## Previous Period: 2026-02-27 to 2026-03-05 this is snapshot of sales before our changes of nos mixed tables and not free water
- Total sales amount: 39,569.00
- Zero-price dishes: 784
- People served: 142
- Buffet basico sold: 16
- Buffet premium sold: 81
- Taco trio sold: 46
- Taco duo sold: 0
- Taco duo sold: 0

[3/14/26, 6:03 AM] Periods analyzed:
- Baseline period: 2026-02-19 to 2026-02-26
- Previous period: 2026-02-27 to 2026-03-05
- Current period: 2026-03-06 to 2026-03-13
## Baseline Period: 2026-02-19 to 2026-02-26
Context: Earlier 8-day comparison window before the previous period. Use this as the older baseline reference.
- Total sales amount: 32,320.00
- Zero-price dishes: 663
- People served: 124
- Buffet basico sold: 30
- Buffet premium sold: 52
- Taco trio sold: 37
- Taco duo sold: 0
- Agua con refil sales: 2,065.00
- Agua con refil units: 35
## Previous Period: 2026-02-27 to 2026-03-05
Context: Immediate 8-day window before the current period. This is the direct comparison window right before the period you are treating as post-change.
- Total sales amount: 39,569.00
- Zero-price dishes: 784
- People served: 142
- Buffet basico sold: 16
- Buffet premium sold: 81
- Taco trio sold: 46
- Taco duo sold: 0
- Agua con refil sales: 2,124.00
- Agua con refil units: 36
## Current Period: 2026-03-06 to 2026-03-13
Context: Latest 8-day window. Based on your prior framing, this is the period after the recent changes and includes today's live sales.
- Total sales amount: 36,637.00
- Zero-price dishes: 562
- People served: 115
- Buffet basico sold: 22
- Buffet premium sold: 65
- Taco trio sold: 26
- Taco duo sold: 7
- Agua con refil sales: 5,922.00
- Agua con refil units: 88
## Change: Current vs Previous
- Total sales amount: -2,932.00 (-7.41%)
- Zero-price dishes: -222 (-28.32%)
- People served: -27 (-19.01%)
- Buffet basico sold: +6 (+37.50%)
- Buffet premium sold: -16 (-19.75%)
- Taco trio sold: -20 (-43.48%)
- Taco duo sold: +7 (n/a, previous period was 0)
- Agua con refil sales: +3,798.00 (+178.81%)
- Agua con refil units: +52 (+144.44%)
## Change: Previous vs Baseline
- Total sales amount: +7,249.00 (+22.43%)
- Zero-price dishes: +121 (+18.25%)
- People served: +18 (+14.52%)
- Buffet basico sold: -14 (-46.67%)
- Buffet premium sold: +29 (+55.77%)
- Taco trio sold: +9 (+24.32%)
- Taco duo sold: 0 (+0.00%)
- Agua con refil sales: +59.00 (+2.86%)
- Agua con refil units: +1 (+2.86%)

[3/14/26, 11:12 AM] ok, so today is friday. I need to rethink how my life is going. While we have managed to reduce the amount of work required per day to earn a living in costa coral, I need still to keep going as waitstaff and the revenue, I think from the early test is the same, only less work. Well at least is progress.
I wonder how can we make the profit bigger. We have become an expensive please to eat. And many dont have the money. They difficult part will be to include some product that doesnt canibalize the buffet, for the time being.
As the Ai told me once, we have a very limited set of costumers and there is no so much dilution between them. but also the buffet is costly in effort to create so I think is the proper pricing. Probably I need to offer the taco trio more in social media so people can go and ask for it. So it doesnt canibalize the buffet.

[3/14/26, 10:36 PM] I ran some numbers and apparently I traded less work for the same amount of profit after the changes we made. Which is good. But still we need to make more profit. Yes we need to sell to passing by people at certain hours. With the reduction of work from the buffet, now that is possible. But I wonder if we should let promo of free water again, limited to the buffet premium with reservation or with a promo code. We will benefit from the no mixed tables policy and the incentive of the water with refill that people get to make a reservation

[3/15/26, 4:06 AM] Tables who made reservations ask if they water will be free, even as we no longer advertise it. I think it plays a bigger role than we thought

[3/16/26, 3:58 AM] based on some analizes from Ai in all my data from the current sales after the changes, both AIs suspect the profit is of 27% of revenue at $130,000

[3/16/26, 11:09 PM] =====================================================================================
PROVIDER SPENDING REPORT (ADJUSTED)
Generated: 2026-03-16
Includes estimation of missing credit-card payments for Rey Camaron
REY CAMARON - MISSING PAYMENT ANALYSIS
DETECTED GAPS (>14 days between bank transfers):
----------------------------------------------------------------------
2024-10-28 to 2024-11-19  (22 days)
2025-02-11 to 2025-03-25  (42 days)
2025-08-12 to 2025-10-09  (58 days)
2025-11-28 to 2025-12-15  (17 days)
2025-12-15 to 2026-01-05  (21 days)
COMPLETELY MISSING MONTH: 2025-09 (zero bank transfers)
ESTIMATION METHODOLOGY:
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Based on 9 well-covered months (4+ payments each):
- Typical payments/month: 5 (median)
- Median payment size:    $4,041.88
- Avg payment size:       $3,887.90
- Avg monthly spend:      $20,735.45
For each gap >10 days falling in a month, we estimate ~1 missing
payment per 8 days, valued at the median of adjacent months' payments.
This is a CONSERVATIVE estimate (credit card pays may differ).
ADJUSTMENT DETAIL:
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Month          Actual    #Actual  GapDays  Est.Missing     Adjusted         #Adj
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2024-11     $6,721.63          2       18    $5,982.38   $12,704.01        4  *
2025-02     $7,826.30          3       17    $5,708.80   $13,535.10        5  *
2025-03     $8,772.42          1       24   $15,188.40   $23,960.82        4  *
2025-08     $5,357.32          2       19    $9,698.30   $15,055.62        4  *
2025-09         $0.00          0       29    $7,840.00    $7,840.00        4  *
2025-12    $10,048.68          1       30   $20,367.36   $30,416.04        5  *
* = months with estimated missing credit-card payments
REY CAMARON - MONTHLY SPEND (RAW vs ADJUSTED) & 4-MONTH MOVING AVERAGE
Month         Raw Total     Adjusted    Raw 4-Mo MA    Adj 4-Mo MA    Trend
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
2024-09       $5,163.72    $5,163.72      ($5,163.72)    ($5,163.72)       --
2024-10       $8,678.06    $8,678.06      ($6,920.89)    ($6,920.89)       UP
2024-11       $6,721.63   $12,704.01 *    ($6,854.47)    ($8,848.60)       UP
2024-12      $18,052.70   $18,052.70        $9,654.03     $11,149.62       UP
2025-01       $8,957.94    $8,957.94       $10,602.58     $12,098.18       UP
2025-02       $7,826.30   $13,535.10 *     $10,389.64     $13,312.44       UP
2025-03       $8,772.42   $23,960.82 *     $10,902.34     $16,126.64       UP
2025-04      $23,875.04   $23,875.04       $12,357.92     $17,582.22       UP
2025-05      $26,637.74   $26,637.74       $16,777.88     $22,002.17       UP
2025-06      $26,385.95   $26,385.95       $21,417.79     $25,214.89       UP
2025-07      $19,108.97   $19,108.97       $24,001.92     $24,001.92     FLAT
2025-08       $5,357.32   $15,055.62 *     $19,372.50     $21,797.07     DOWN
2025-09           $0.00    $7,840.00 *     $12,713.06     $17,097.63     DOWN
2025-10      $12,043.25   $12,043.25        $9,127.39     $13,511.96     DOWN
2025-11      $34,417.79   $34,417.79       $12,954.59     $17,339.17       UP
2025-12      $10,048.68   $30,416.04 *     $14,127.43     $21,179.27       UP
2026-01      $15,027.76   $15,027.76       $17,884.37     $22,976.21       UP
2026-02      $14,155.13   $14,155.13       $18,412.34     $23,504.18     FLAT
2026-03       $4,455.56    $4,455.56       $10,921.78     $16,013.62     DOWN
REY CAMARON SUMMARY (ADJUSTED):
--------------------------------------------------
Raw grand total:       $255,685.96
Estimated CC payments:  $64,785.24
Adjusted grand total:  $320,471.20
Raw monthly avg:       $13,457.16
Adjusted monthly avg:  $16,866.91
4-Mo MA trend (adjusted):
First (2024-12)  : $11,149.62
Latest (2026-03): $16,013.62
Change: +43.6%
>> SPENDING INCREASED significantly.
Recent 6-month range: $13,511.96 to $23,504.18
GRANADOS (Vegetables) - MONTHLY SPEND & 4-MONTH MOVING AVERAGE
Month             Total  #Pays        4-Mo MA    Trend
--------------------------------------------------------
2024-09       $6,741.13      3    ($6,741.13)       --
2024-10      $12,216.70      6    ($9,478.92)       UP
2024-11      $13,178.42      7   ($10,712.08)       UP
2024-12      $26,766.92     11     $14,725.79       UP
2025-01      $15,253.12      5     $16,853.79       UP
2025-02      $15,147.79      6     $17,586.56     FLAT
2025-03      $25,957.57      8     $20,781.35       UP
2025-04      $22,463.02      8     $19,705.38     DOWN
2025-05      $21,199.93      6     $21,192.08       UP
2025-06      $12,259.92      3     $20,470.11     FLAT
2025-07      $18,951.51      6     $18,718.60     DOWN
2025-08      $13,800.42      4     $16,552.94     DOWN
2025-09      $14,573.00      5     $14,896.21     DOWN
2025-10      $21,965.64      7     $17,322.64       UP
2025-11       $8,612.12      2     $14,737.79     DOWN
2025-12      $19,442.96      5     $16,148.43       UP
2026-01      $16,253.49      4     $16,568.55     FLAT
2026-02      $13,309.69      4     $14,404.57     DOWN
2026-03       $3,398.45      1     $13,101.15     DOWN
GRANADOS SUMMARY:
--------------------------------------------------
Grand total:     $301,491.80
Monthly avg:     $15,867.99
4-Mo MA trend: $14,725.79 -> $13,101.15 (-11.0%)
>> SPENDING DECREASED over the period.
COMBINED COMPARISON (Rey Camaron adjusted)
Month           Rey (Adj)       Granados       Combined
--------------------------------------------------------
2024-09         $5,163.72      $6,741.13     $11,904.85
2024-10         $8,678.06     $12,216.70     $20,894.76
2024-11        $12,704.01     $13,178.42     $25,882.43
2024-12        $18,052.70     $26,766.92     $44,819.62
2025-01         $8,957.94     $15,253.12     $24,211.06
2025-02        $13,535.10     $15,147.79     $28,682.89
2025-03        $23,960.82     $25,957.57     $49,918.39
2025-04        $23,875.04     $22,463.02     $46,338.06
2025-05        $26,637.74     $21,199.93     $47,837.67
2025-06        $26,385.95     $12,259.92     $38,645.87
2025-07        $19,108.97     $18,951.51     $38,060.48
2025-08        $15,055.62     $13,800.42     $28,856.04
2025-09         $7,840.00     $14,573.00     $22,413.00
2025-10        $12,043.25     $21,965.64     $34,008.89
2025-11        $34,417.79      $8,612.12     $43,029.91
2025-12        $30,416.04     $19,442.96     $49,859.00
2026-01        $15,027.76     $16,253.49     $31,281.25
2026-02        $14,155.13     $13,309.69     $27,464.82
2026-03         $4,455.56      $3,398.45      $7,854.01
GRAND TOTALS:
Rey Camaron (adj): $320,471.20 (51.5%)
Granados:          $301,491.80 (48.5%)
Combined:          $621,963.00
COMBINED 4-MONTH MOVING AVERAGE:
----------------------------------------
2024-09 ($11,904.85)
2024-10 ($16,399.81)
2024-11 ($19,560.68)
2024-12 $25,875.42
2025-01 $28,951.97
2025-02 $30,899.00
2025-03 $36,907.99
2025-04 $37,287.60
2025-05 $43,194.25
2025-06 $45,685.00
2025-07 $42,720.52
2025-08 $38,350.01
2025-09 $31,993.85
2025-10 $30,834.60
2025-11 $32,076.96
2025-12 $37,327.70
2026-01 $39,544.76
2026-02 $37,908.75
2026-03 $29,114.77
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
PERIOD: 2024-09 to 2026-03 (19 months)
REY CAMARON (Seafood):
- Adjusted monthly avg: $16,866.91 /month
- $64,785.24 of the recorded total is estimated CC payments
- Peak spending: Apr-Jul 2025 (4-mo MA ~ $20K-$24K)
- Current level: returning toward $10K-$15K range
- Overall trend: RISING (but fluctuating)
GRANADOS (Vegetables):
- Monthly avg: $15,867.99 /month
- Overall trend: DECLINING (-11% from start)
COMBINED:
- Combined monthly avg: $32,734.89 /month
- 4-Mo MA range: $25,875.42 to $45,685.00
NOTES & CAVEATS:
- March 2026 is partial (data through Mar 12 only)
- Sept 2024 is partial (data starts Sep 19)
- Rey Camaron adjustments are ESTIMATES for credit-card weeks
- Method: 1 missing payment per ~8 gap-days, valued at
median of adjacent months' payment sizes
- 1 reyCamaron PDF and 2 granados PDFs were empty/unreadable
- All amounts in MXN

[3/20/26, 4:34 AM] After the ban on mixed tables, I have noticed that output of tacos is no longer a bottleneck for us. In fact we feel like we work in a new place. Where we dont end so tired at the end of the day.
In fact, if we compare. Now I even feel weird that Im not running every day. With the small reduction in clients and more profit per client, we have more energy. But I must confese that we sometimes feel weird that we dont have too much too do, compared to previous periods.
I feel like I am doing something wrong, because before we had more activity, but for a lot less profit per costmer

[3/20/26, 4:56 AM] Now I wonder, what is our bottleneck. One I think is to atract costumers. I confident our product is good. But is a fact we got a reduction of costumers after we removed the free water with refill.
This give us some leg room to maybe in the future add promotions if the demand keeps falling. Our profit is healthy per costumer. Now we need more costumers.
2 tables have walked away after they got aware of the rule of no mixed tables. one understood, while the other simple got mad and even posted a review on google maps. I understand their frustation, but also with the mixed tables there was confusion, some clients took advantage at our expense and it was weird to tell them that we will charge for the ones who eat buffet but didint pay, so we didnt tell or charge and that affected us.
I think i am ok with the no mixed table rule.

[3/21/26, 3:09 AM] I made an snapshot from the 6 of march until 19 of march. This to analize the consumtion after the changes. I found the following data.
Tacos per buffet Costumer	5.675
Buffet Costumers Total 	160
Tacos consumed Total Buffet	908
TACO TRIO	TACO TRIO	41
COSTO BUFFET BASICO	TACO-BUFFET	43
COSTO BUFFET PREMIUM	TACO-BUFFET	115
COSTO BUFFET NIÑO	TACO-BUFFET	2
Beberave revenue 13807
Taco Trio sold 41
Taco Duo sold 15
Buffet Basico 43
Buffet premium 115

[3/21/26, 3:10 AM] ventas so far for the month of march
fecha	totalcomedor
01/03/2026	12799
02/03/2026	4357.4828
03/03/2026	0
04/03/2026	377
05/03/2026	3334
06/03/2026	6609
07/03/2026	9911
08/03/2026	8737
09/03/2026	596
10/03/2026	0
11/03/2026	6387
12/03/2026	0
13/03/2026	4422
14/03/2026	9373
15/03/2026	7190
16/03/2026	8720
17/03/2026	0
18/03/2026	2437
19/03/2026	1494

[3/21/26, 7:21 AM] After analyzing our reservation system, at least the one I was working on to possibly sell it, I discovered several errors on my part, and that is that each restaurant is very different, even we just the one who does not have a hostess or that we had it would change a lot how it would be operated currently I can say that the needs of each restaurant that are so diverse especially the target to which I would be trying to get where the majority do not have hostess which I think would be very complicated and more to sell it as a software as a service, therefore I will not continue exploring that idea and in fact I already stopped working on it, I know that I think I didn't allow that work to iterate and maybe get a result, but I think it's the best and focus better on other things.

[3/21/26, 10:01 AM] Today we sold $6383 MXN

[3/22/26, 1:08 PM] how to move a project forward?
I want to print something. That I dont know if will work, but at least I will know something.
the pronblem is that instead I am here playing polytopia
Lets assume the goal is 100 away.Is not. and each one is preaty easy, if we break down to 100 steps.
and ETA? That will give me a goal.
and if on top of that I can purcxhase somethinfr for me, a book? I think that makes it more enticing.
With AI I can break it down to nice chunks
the part that it seems to me, intaingible is the part where I dont knowif the efort will pay off and when. The revenue if any if the printed proyect will produce.
but if the ETA is in time and I can reduce with each step. It can seem doeuble rewarding. Reduce the ETA and the payment for achieveing each trench.
I even imagine the ETA the most imporatn part in the UI, below a message like. You can have
You can purchase Grok Heavy in 2:20
The trenches and paying myself is based on my reward machine I build  and mentioned in context.txt
For example this project I am talking about for sure is worth more than $500 mxn.
So I could select something for me like a nice par of books. Maybe pricing and revenue for 378 mxn.
maybe zero to one book for only 7.57 usd
20 usd in credits from openrouter
a claude pro suscription for 20 usd
So in short. write a little about the project. and the reward when done
let the AI ask a few questions about the project and when is considered done to claim the reward. So it can break it properly into tranches.
Then show the main screen Where I see at first an inifinte ETA and where I click staring the project, this will be the moment the system starts to count.
as I complete trenchs the ETA is recalculated, off course also when I dont do anything the ETA keeps increasing. When I finishe all the trenches, I can claim the price.
I MADE THE DESIGN OF THE PRINTS, they are already exported on pdf in my dropbox. Ready to be printed when I go to to printer shop.
In exchaneg I bough an audiobook worht 7.4 usd.
Impresive given that i postponed this for months.
I wonder what else can I put in this little system. It worked.

[3/23/26, 3:03 AM] On Wednesday, if all goes well, we will start offering the promo for passing by people and locals. in a effort to diversify or demand and not depend so much from people coming from the internet.
So our sales can be more consistent. A bigger pool of smaller sales. So we are not hit so hard if one table or two dont arrive.

[3/23/26, 3:06 AM] very low sales this sunday, still 3:03pm but worried that we might affected the business demand by removing the free water insentive.
I wonder what could be if we mix the idea of no mixed tables with the limited promo of free water for the first 3 reservations. This will limit the effect by not making us full of reservations with free water. make it feel like is something limited and they need to take advantage to not loss the benefit. Even show in the calendar of the landing page site what days still have the promo or how many promos are still available per any given day.
I will like to know the math on this

[3/23/26, 4:05 AM] It's Sunday, it's 4 in the afternoon and well, Costa Coral doesn't have customers on a Sunday, since Sunday is our strongest day and well, apparently, I don't know, well, I suspect that it could have happened, but well, we have only sold like 2,600, 2,400. I see it's hard to sell 3,000 when on a Sunday we sold it to 11,000, 12,000. The most probable cause that I think it could have been is that we are no longer offering free water, that worries me but also because it is the cost that we have to pay we realize its importance and perhaps mention it even more in the advertising because I believe that it is a slight incentive but not so relevant unless it is another situation out of our control that I do not know what has changed that could be cataloged as if it were out of our control so at this moment I am calm although we are going to stop having that important income of a Sunday but I suppose it is the price for learning this information that we did not have, that free water does flow a lot I do not know what percentage yet, now if we reactivate it, if the demand is reactivated, then there we will know more clearly since we also had low days when we did not have that promo

[3/23/26, 4:08 AM] I just passed by some makis, some Japanese food makis that are near Costa Coral and well, usually they have a lot more people, right now they are empty maybe I wonder if it could have been something as an effect that is that it increased but not here I am going through another and this one does have a lot of people well not so much relatively we go through another also has I don't know, in any case I must ... I don't know what to think I do not know if it would be worth it to endure another week more running this experiment the experiment of not offering free water to just check the theory I do not know if my economy allows it We are very, very ... I can not continue to allow myself to not perceive this income of today, Sunday, which was fatal for us.

[3/23/26, 10:53 AM] Still disappointed for today's sales. Trying to grap my mind around it.
Trying to think it this way. If it's the promo removed, it can be reversed, if not, its only temporary.
But can't stop feeling like we failed

[3/26/26, 3:02 AM] first day testing the combos, we made 2 signs:
2 tacos de arrachera + refresco * 89
2 tacos ensenada + refresco * 89
we sold 1 ensenada combo.
which I see as a good sign, at least it proves that someone is willing to buy from us, in fact was someone who lives next to us.
I hope in the next days, as more people see the printed ads, they will buy more regularly.

[3/26/26, 3:03 AM] some important finding is that people notice it more than the taco trio at 169, i think is the price.
probbaly I need to make the ad around the price

[3/29/26, 3:57 AM] Sales report
Window: 2026-03-08 to 2026-03-27
Excluded: 2026-03-28 (day not complete)
20-day total sales: 80145.30
20-day total checks: 108
Daily sales
2026-03-08  8737.00   12 checks
2026-03-09   596.00    1 checks
2026-03-10     0.00    0 checks
2026-03-11   238.00    1 checks
2026-03-12  6149.00    8 checks
2026-03-13  4422.00    4 checks
2026-03-14  9373.00   12 checks
2026-03-15  7190.00   10 checks
2026-03-16  8720.00    9 checks
2026-03-17     0.00    0 checks
2026-03-18  2437.00    4 checks
2026-03-19  1494.00    3 checks
2026-03-20  6383.00    9 checks
2026-03-21  6529.00    9 checks
2026-03-22  3082.00    6 checks
2026-03-23   722.00    2 checks
2026-03-24     0.00    0 checks
2026-03-25  4565.00    5 checks
2026-03-26  3296.30    3 checks
2026-03-27  6212.00   10 checks

[3/29/26, 4:12 AM] We continue with the removal of the promotion of water with a refill, however, a week ago, if I remember correctly, or on Wednesday, I introduced a promotion where only through the link could you get either a combo of 200, sorry, the combo costs 469 pesos and includes two basic buffets plus unlimited water of those we have had a table that changed it so far and this and well this is part of a system that included to be able to generate promotions quickly And on the landing page I also created another promotion where the water is free with the premium buffet But so far no one has taken it I think this is because on Facebook I put it on Facebook, giving a maximum per conversion, this has generated few visits to the page, and therefore, although the percentage of conversion is high, they are not the conversations enough that we wanted, then I'm going to move on to the maximum, show it to the most people to see who to see how that percentage of conversion is sustained this week I would consider the demand between good week however on the weekend I again observe that it declined Today, Saturday, we only carry 3,000 pesos, when usually we would have to carry some 6,000 pesos minimum. So, I don't know what's going on, if we are the ones responsible or there is something else that is happening. At the city level, competition, I do not know Because it affected the promotion of water with refills And it affected our weekend sales a lot The change to remove the mixed tables has benefited us a lot that I think that if we maintain the mixed tables and remove sorry and even lower our price, which is what people usually see when they are going to visit a place, because this can benefit us, we will change a little profit per table for a greater number of tables, I think that we can absorb it I have thought that even 30 pesos would be lowered in each of the buffets Initially I will leave it as a promotion And if I see that that is the problem, I will lower it permanently I need to run the numbers And possibly that, run it initially as a promotion and see what happens.

[3/30/26, 10:04 PM] I have been feeling good about the sales on weekdays, but i suspect this will end with the holy week this week. And we will return to the low sales of weekdays.

[3/30/26, 10:13 PM] we have had only two sales of combos since the introduction. I think is good value, but the very short timeframe might kill it the potential, only from 1pm to 3pm, but also I think we can afford to carnivalize the buffet

[3/30/26, 10:26 PM] This is some data from the last 2 months of tiktok ads, I have spend more $2650 in nanuary,  $1160 in february and $2190 in march >
This is only a snapshot for feb and march, with some low performing ads rermoved>
The data provides a detailed look at the performance of several advertising campaigns on TikTok. All campaigns are currently in a **Paused** status.### Key Takeaways  * **Overall Campaign Performance**: The total expenditure across all ads was **3013.51 MXN**, resulting in **28 conversions** (specifically website registrations).
* The average cost per acquisition (CPA) for the entire set is **107.63 MXN**.
* Total impressions reached **518,415**, with a total of **3,159 clicks**, representing a collective click-through rate (CTR) of approximately **0.61%**.
* **Top Performing Ads**: A single ad, **"Manual comp Agua Ref"**, significantly outperformed the others in both volume and efficiency.
* It generated **14 conversions** (50% of the total) at the lowest cost per conversion of **86.39 MXN**.
* It also achieved the highest engagement with a CTR of **0.84%** and **1,569 clicks**.
* **Efficiency and Engagement**: While most ads had a CTR between 0.35% and 0.53%, "Manual comp Agua Ref" stood out as the most engaging.
* **"AI gen 1"** was the second most efficient in terms of CPA at **99.14 MXN**, though it only produced 2 conversions.
* Ads like **"simple"** and **"especial"** had very low spend and generated no conversions, suggesting they may have been test runs or were paused prematurely.### Supporting DataThe top 5 ads by conversion volume are:1.  **Manual comp Agua Ref**: 14 conversions (Cost: 1209.39 MXN)
2.  **Ad name2026-01-19 22:48:02**: 5 conversions (Cost: 666.88 MXN)
3.  **Manual comp 1**: 4 conversions (Cost: 514.60 MXN)
4.  **Manual comp 2**: 3 conversions (Cost: 397.87 MXN)
5.  **AI gen 1**: 2 conversions (Cost: 198.27 MXN)The most efficient ads (lowest Cost per Conversion) are:1.  **Manual comp Agua Ref**: 86.39 MXN
2.  **AI gen 1**: 99.14 MXN
3.  **Manual comp 1**: 128.65 MXN
4.  **Manual comp 2**: 132.62 MXN
5.  **Ad name2026-01-19 22:48:02**: 133.38 MXN

[3/30/26, 10:35 PM] We introduced custom promos in the landing page, since Wednesday, where I can create promo with a unique link and I can drive costumers from social media with ads and only they will see the promo.
this allows me more flexibility, because I can, I think, see what give away or idea works better to entice costumers to make a reservation.
We also track if the costumer actually arrived, so if a promo is good at making the reservation, but they finally dont arrive, we see that data.
This first data is encouraging>
in this first few days, we saw 8 reservations.
3 reservations  for a combo that is 2 buffets basicos + agua with refill for 469 total.
3 reservations  for free agua with refill when they choose premiouim.
2 baseline (no promo)
I also refreshed the ads, so we have new ads mention this promos.
I also spend more on ads on facebook and tiktok this weekend, specially on saturday.

[3/30/26, 10:38 PM] We sold this saturday around $4000 and on sunday around $8000

[3/31/26, 4:19 AM] A party of 2 bough 3 combos of ensenada + refresco.

[3/31/26, 5:11 AM] Last days of march sales
friday 27 we sold $6212
Sat 28 we sold $4417
Sun 29 we sold $8083
Monday 30 we sold $3233

[3/31/26, 5:34 AM] i will like to explore the idea of nudge. here in the restuaruant, in the sense that humans accpet the default.
I will like to explre where we can do that? to increase the profit.
Even wild ideas, will be fine.
filling our costumers from cheap food is almost, i think in the edge, we have already lowered the consumption per costumer in almost one taco. less tacos and it will not feel like a buffet anymore.
I wonder where we could try nudge peokple from spending more.
Or maybe how to make us the default for many to eat with us?
That is more convineit for them to order from us than any other place?

[3/31/26, 5:52 AM] We sold a total of $133265.78 in the month of march of 2026

[4/1/26, 7:32 AM] currenlty my markeign campaings are turned off. Why? Usually I invest as little as possible on Monday and Tuesday, Increase to 3 usd on facebook on Wednesday, Thursday 3 usd in facebook, then I put around, this days i let tiktok at 0
5 usd on facebook daily on fri-sun
and 200 mxn on tikotk from fri-sun, also daily.

[4/5/26, 11:31 AM] This week we have sold pretty well. If I don't remember bad, miércoles 4000, jueves 8000, viernes 17000, sábado 8000. Domingo still we don't know yet. I will check again and post the numbers, holy week has been great for us. Specially Friday. I will be able to pay lots of debt I have

[4/8/26, 11:26 AM] i am trhinking this is important, sometiems I get paralized by not knowung what is the best option between the ones I have in at my diposal. Not understanding that not takign one of the options is worst overall.

[4/8/26, 11:45 AM] Action (even suboptimal) creates feedback loops for recovery; paralysis didn’t

[4/8/26, 12:15 PM] assign rough probabilities and expected value right now with the info you have. Acting at 70% confidence beats waiting for 100%.

[4/8/26, 1:06 PM] Thinking in building a system to allow me to make fast decisions. Using a system to feed data in plan text. Using a LLM to translate that into Montecarlo simulations. Maybe allow the AI to suggest experiment to reduce uncertainty and have probabilities given X or Y, don't know

[4/9/26, 2:34 AM] a party of two bough two combos for 89 today miercoles

[4/9/26, 2:57 AM] # Reporte de Ventas — Últimos 15 días
**Período:** 25 de marzo 2026 — 7 de abril 2026
| Fecha      | Venta Total ($) | Cuentas | Mesas Atendidas | Personas Atendidas |
| ---------- | --------------: | ------: | --------------: | -----------------: |
| 2026-03-25 |        4,565.00 |       5 |               5 |                 14 |
| 2026-03-26 |        3,296.30 |       3 |               3 |                 10 |
| 2026-03-27 |        6,212.00 |      10 |               7 |                 20 |
| 2026-03-28 |        4,417.00 |       7 |               6 |                 15 |
| 2026-03-29 |        8,083.00 |      13 |              11 |                 30 |
| 2026-03-30 |        3,233.00 |       5 |               5 |                 11 |
| 2026-03-31 |               — |       — |               — |                  — |
| 2026-04-01 |        3,689.00 |       3 |               3 |                  9 |
| 2026-04-02 |        9,828.00 |      10 |               8 |                 30 |
| 2026-04-03 |       17,081.00 |      16 |              11 |                 51 |
| 2026-04-04 |        8,492.00 |      10 |               9 |                 26 |
| 2026-04-05 |        7,018.00 |       9 |               7 |                 24 |
| 2026-04-06 |         Cerrado |       — |               — |                  — |
| 2026-04-07 |         Cerrado |       — |               — |                  — |
### Resumen del período
| Concepto                          |      Valor |
| --------------------------------- | ---------: |
| **Venta Total**                   | $75,914.30 |
| **Cuentas**                       |         91 |
| **Mesas Atendidas**               |         19 |
| **Personas**                      |        240 |
| **Promedio/día** (días con venta) |  $6,901.30 |
| **Promedio por persona**          |    $316.31 |
| **Días con venta**                |   11 de 14 |
> *Notas:*
>
> - *Lunes 6 de abril: se decidió no abrir para dar descanso al personal.*
> - *Martes 7 de abril: cerrado como es habitual.*
> - *31 de marzo we didnt open as usual
> - *Datos extraídos de la base `softrestaurant10`, tabla `cheques` (solo cuentas no canceladas).*

[4/9/26, 2:58 AM] Total sold on march 2026 $133,265.78

[4/9/26, 5:07 AM] our costumers almost pay 50% in cash and the other in credit card.
from the credit card, this are the fees:
- Transaction fee: 3.6% on total charged (food + tip)
- IVA on fee: 16% of the fee
- Effective rate:
4.176% of every peso charged

[4/9/26, 6:11 AM] ## Costa Coral — March 2026 Full P&L
---
### Revenue
| | Amount |
|--|--------|
| **Total Sales** | **$133,265.78** |
---
### Cost of Goods Sold (COGS)
**Major Suppliers (lag-adjusted to actual consumption period):**
| Supplier | Amount | Notes |
|----------|--------|-------|
| Rey Camarón (seafood) | $17,248 | 1-week payment lag corrected |
| Granados (vegetables/supplies) | $19,784 | 2-week payment lag corrected |
| **Subtotal major suppliers** | **$37,032** | |
**Other COGS (daily-rate from CSV, extrapolated to 30 days):**
| Item | Amount | Method |
|------|--------|--------|
| Queso Oaxaca | $2,089 | 5kg/week × $103/kg |
| Tortillas (a mano + máquina) | $2,410 | $80.3/day × 30 |
| Pulpa Mía (drink concentrates) | $3,200 | $93/day pre-holy-week rate |
| Coca-Cola / refrescos | $890 | $623 per ~21 days extrapolated |
| Limón | $364 | $105 per ~8.5 days extrapolated |
| Jamaica + huevo | $540 | Pre-holy-week rate |
| Garrafones (drinkable water) | $555 | ~$185 every 10 days |
| Misc food (bistec, mejillones, tempura, salsa, pan, ketchup, hoja de plátano) | $1,760 | $881 in 15 days extrapolated |
| Misc seafood (Soleman, ostiones) | $200 | Sporadic, low in March |
| Kitchen consumables (servilletas, platos desechables, bombillos) | $400 | $147 in 15 days + periodic items |
| Misc drinks (cerveza, agua mineral) | $115 | Minimal in March |
| **Subtotal other COGS** | **$12,523** | |
| | Amount | % of Sales |
|--|--------|-----------|
| **TOTAL COGS** | **$49,555** | **37.2%** |
| **GROSS PROFIT** | **$83,711** | **62.8%** |
---
### Operating Expenses (OpEx)
**Staff:**
| Item | Amount | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| Flor (wages) | $11,258 | $2,600/week avg (base $2,400 + variable bonus) × 4.33 |
| Monse (wages) | $3,681 | $850/week (2 weekend days) × 4.33 |
| Yeni (wages) | $3,681 | $850/week (2 weekend days) × 4.33 |
| Staff/personal outside food | $1,381 | $46/day (tacos, snacks, coffee for Luis/Flor/staff) |
| **Subtotal staff** | **$20,001** | **15.0%** |
**Rent & Utilities:**
| Item | Amount | Period | Notes |
|------|--------|--------|-------|
| Rent | $13,650 | Monthly | Fixed |
| Electricity | $2,369 | Bimestral $4,738 ÷ 2 | CFE |
| Gas LP | $1,000 | Monthly | |
| Internet | $328 | Monthly | |
| Water service (OAAPAS) | $250 | Bimestral ~$500 ÷ 2 | Tap water |
| **Subtotal rent & utilities** | **$17,597** | **13.2%** |
**Operations:**
| Item | Amount | Period | Notes |
|------|--------|--------|-------|
| Security (Grupo Tigres) | $433 | $100/week × 4.33 | |
| Garbage collection | $737 | $170/week × 4.33 | |
| Accountant | $1,400 | Monthly | |
| **Subtotal operations** | **$2,570** | **1.9%** |
**Marketing:**
| Item | Amount | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| TikTok ads | ~$3,500 | |
| Facebook ads | ~$3,500 | |
| **Subtotal marketing** | **$7,000** | **5.3%** |
**Financial:**
| Item | Amount | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| Card processing fees | $2,782 | 50% of $133,266 × 4.176% |
| **Subtotal financial** | **$2,782** | **2.1%** |
**Other:**
| Item | Amount | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| Domain renewals | $667 | menucoco.com + reservacoral.com (annual, both fell in March) |
| Cleaning supplies (limpia pisos) | $81 | Extrapolated from CSV |
| **Subtotal other** | **$748** | **0.6%** |
---
### OpEx Summary
| Category | Amount | % of Sales |
|----------|--------|-----------|
| Staff (wages + food) | $20,001 | 15.0% |
| Rent & utilities | $17,597 | 13.2% |
| Operations | $2,570 | 1.9% |
| Marketing | $7,000 | 5.3% |
| Payment processing | $2,782 | 2.1% |
| Other | $748 | 0.6% |
| **TOTAL OpEx** | **$50,698** | **38.0%** |
---
### P&L Summary
| Line | Amount | % of Sales |
|------|--------|-----------|
| **Revenue** | **$133,265.78** | **100.0%** |
| COGS | ($49,555) | 37.2% |
| **Gross Profit** | **$83,711** | **62.8%** |
| OpEx | ($50,698) | 38.0% |
| **NET PROFIT** | **$33,013** | **24.8%** |
---
### Key Metrics
| Metric | Value |
|--------|-------|
| Net margin | 24.8% |
| Gross margin | 62.8% |
| Monthly break-even | $50,698 / 0.628 = **$80,728** |
| Daily break-even (~25 operating days) | **$3,229/day** |
| Profit per peso of revenue | $0.248 |
---
### Top 10 Expenses (Ranked)
| # | Expense | Monthly | % of all costs |
|---|---------|---------|---------------|
| 1 | Granados (vegetables/supplies) | $19,784 | 19.7% |
| 2 | Rey Camarón (seafood) | $17,248 | 17.2% |
| 3 | Rent | $13,650 | 13.6% |
| 4 | Flor (wages) | $11,258 | 11.2% |
| 5 | Advertising | $7,000 | 7.0% |
| 6 | Monse + Yeni (wages) | $7,362 | 7.3% |
| 7 | Pulpa Mía | $3,200 | 3.2% |
| 8 | Card processing fees | $2,782 | 2.8% |
| 9 | Tortillas | $2,410 | 2.4% |
| 10 | Electricity | $2,369 | 2.4% |
| | **All other** | **$13,190** | **13.2%** |
| | **TOTAL COSTS** | **$100,253** | **100.0%** |
---
### Notes
- Domain renewals ($667) are annual — both menucoco.com and reservacoral.com happened to renew in March. Normal months this line is $0.
- COGS at 37.2% reflects the impact of no-mixed-tables policy (tacos per customer dropped from 6.8 → 5.65) and paid water (agua con refill now revenue, not a giveaway).
- Garrafones ($555) is classified under COGS because it's drinkable water served/used in the restaurant, not a utility.
- OAAPAS ($250/month) is the tap water utility, classified under rent & utilities.
- Staff outside food ($1,381) covers meals bought for Luis, Flor, and team from external vendors during shifts. Food consumed from Costa Coral's own production is already embedded in supplier COGS.
- Card processing: based on ~50% of customers paying by card at an effective rate of 4.176% (3.6% fee + 16% IVA on the fee).
- At current structure, a month as low as $81,000 in sales still breaks even. Your worst historical month ($85,911 Sep 2025) would produce ~$3,300 profit instead of the loss it caused under the old structure.

[4/9/26, 9:19 AM] Today another table walked away when we told them that they had to choose all buffet or all a la carte. She was telling us "but he will not eat more than 2, he is not hungry". Most people is ok but there is a certain amount that is not ok, or try to convince us to accept a mixed table. I think another sign will not fix this issue, they simply not read, I confirmed it by the sign in the table, they ignore it. Between 5% to 6% I think have an issue with non mixed tables allowed

[4/13/26, 12:11 PM] I have though lately that I don't do stuff for fear of the opinions of others. For example I have strong opinions about the use of AI in business. I would like to talk about them in public, discuss them. Maybe on YouTube, TikTok. But now that I think about it, I fear the rejection of people I don't know.

[4/18/26, 3:23 AM] Sales from the POS for COsta Coral
Date, Sales Amount
2026-03-18, 2437.00
2026-03-19, 1494.00
2026-03-20, 6383.00
2026-03-21, 6529.00
2026-03-22, 3082.00
2026-03-23, 722.00
2026-03-25, 4565.00
2026-03-26, 3296.30
2026-03-27, 6212.00
2026-03-28, 4417.00
2026-03-29, 8083.00
2026-03-30, 3233.00
2026-04-01, 3689.00
2026-04-02, 9828.00
2026-04-03, 17081.00
2026-04-04, 8492.00
2026-04-05, 7018.00
2026-04-08, 2470.00
2026-04-10, 2637.00
2026-04-11, 5314.00
2026-04-12, 2440.00
2026-04-13, 3287.50
2026-04-15, 3516.00
2026-04-16, 1627.00

[4/18/26, 4:28 AM] I have decided to restore the promo of agua with refill free with reservation and buffet premium. Today friday at night.
Running some Montecarlo simulations with the help of AI, shows me that I proabboilities of looseing outweight the benefits that keeping the promo might bring.
Yes, the decline of sales can be the result of external factors, but my restaurant must be immune to those and similar effects in the future. So if the promo is a medicine to prevent declines, lets use it.
This month the year before was of good sales, well arounf $130,000.
So, given that there is some evidence that the decline in sales is because we removed the promo. And the promo help us to have cashflow, I must revert this change.
Probable test it when we are in a better position. We will keep the no mixed tables policy for now.

[4/18/26, 5:07 AM] Ok, lets think from first principles how to maximize the people who see the new promo for sun-sat.
I think that i might over complictae things I just need the reason enought that costumers will see more or enough that pay for. When we had people outside the door waiting, is because what we offer was more than what we charge for. Or we simulated that.
It stopped because is not organic, that is we pay for people think we are worth and test us. We have regular costumers, but not enough to pay for the bills yet. Many say to use that they arrived for recomendation, but now they have been reduced for some reason.
What are some reason people might come to eat with us?
We are one of the best Taco Buffets in Morelia
I think i dont do ads, more because analizis paralisis than other stuff. Trying to aim at many, shoot at nothing. And I already know how to beat this problme rewardng me for creative made.
I think i have lost more money by not having enough costumers because we dont comunicate effectively the value of costa coral, that what i could have spend on rewards to me. The rewards are capped. if I spend 6 usd per creative and managed to do 2 per day. i would spend 12 usd daily, in a month that is $360 usd or 6200 mxn per month. while that is a lot, we are talking about 60 creatives, we havent tested so many. We even can play more conservative
2 per still creative
7 per video cerative
and lets say that per day I do 2 creatives still and 0.7 videos, daily. That is 267 usd
but I get:
60 stills
21 videos
We might say, Which is your favorite taco buffet? And say good stuff unique about both. this doesnt affects us, we know we are good at flavour and relaxed ambience.
am I lossing more for my lack of motivatgion to some proven way to attaract costumers?

[4/18/26, 5:18 AM] keep on thinking on the idea of motivate myself to make more creatives. At least is a variable we remove from when we dont have costumers and given that many of our costumers mention that come from social media, is a most to keep reminding them to come vsiit us.
Also I think is important to have a list of thinhs I want to buy with the reward money, to motivate myself and know that if I shoot X video, I will get X stuff.
right now I have the goal clear: Make sure people know about our promo, free agua with refill.

[4/19/26, 3:34 AM] Today is Saturday, I uploaded 4 videos in total as ads on TikTok and Facebook. This was done on Friday night and Saturday morning.  Right now our sales are extremely low for the day. Only 1688 MXN at 3:30pm

[4/19/26, 3:35 AM] Fucking don't know what is going on. Did I kill the flow of Costumers by removing the promo of free water temporarily???? Do I need simply to wait as in La Palmita?

[4/20/26, 3:13 AM] Yesterday I uploaded a couple more videos highlighting the promo of free water with refill. Today we have I think a good response. 6 reservations with all showed up and only one at 5pm, currenlty 3pm. We have sold so far, 4902 mxn. So even if of that money 4000 mxn if thanks to reservations. that was the 4000-5000 missing. If our base without the promo is 3000 mxn, if we add 5000 for the reservations, we are at a very healty 8000 mxn.
I have been neglecting social media, the power of it? I wonder what would happen if we double or triple our efforts. In that front.

[4/20/26, 3:52 AM] i think we are a honey cumb. We need to be tastier (I mean costa coral)

[4/20/26, 5:03 AM] currenlty at 9319 mxn at 5:03pm

[4/21/26, 1:23 PM] Planing on turning my buffet. Where people ask for their tacos on demand. That is, we have a menú. And people order from it. To a different idea.
One where costumers arrive to be seated for 2 hours. Then we will walk with tacos and we might ask "we have Ensenada, do you want" they might ask for some or wait for another recepy.
The idea is to allow the kitchen to batch types of tacos.
Let the waitress to instead of carrying one dish or two at the time. To carry 8. Less walking.
Also this will allow us to have more control on what is ordered. This is crucial. Because we can lower the cost of each person while at the same time lowering the price.
Currently we feel that we are kind of expensive. This is why we have high churn. By lowering the cost from 289 to 249 for the premium and from 229 to 199. Or maybe lower, we can really provide value to the costumer.
To know what to prepare we will use an algorithm to determine based on hour, how many people we have seated, how long since they arrived, do we had returned tacos not being consumed? All this feed live into the algorithm and it will determine how many to send to the kitchen, or wait.
The goal is to offer the buffet at the price that will provoque that our costs will be dividend between more costumers. Right now one table that doesn't arrive sit affects us too much.
Is reduction of risk.
The algorithm, neural network or LLM will have a goal. Maximize the score given by the costumer of value for their money, while minimizing costs (by selecting mixes of tacos that are lower the cost and get a good score).

[4/23/26, 2:42 AM] I have decided to make some extra money, bringing an additional 30,000 per month via the restaurant seems alsmost impossible at this moment, that will have to be 209000 mxn. Thinking to serve more people will requiere more staff which makes the goal more difficult and so on.
given that we have never have sold this amount, the most around 170,000 mxn and it was very difficutl.
So how can I bring that extra 30,000 mxn. i Was thinking on doing live courses online.

[4/23/26, 3:23 AM] Live courses online, a way to make money online. even if i dont arrive at 30,000. 15,000 mxn will be very healty for my mind and body.
troughing some random numbers, i was thinking on one course per week. with 4 different courses, repeating them over and over, each time improving on feedback from the last time i gave it. and each week writing to make it better and better. like a commedian, improving its matterial.
A low good price could be $299 mxn per person. I would need 12 people per course per week to reach $15,000 per month. a very healty number. Even buying for myself my time hard working to work less physically it will be awesome.
For this i need ot make material. While many now can get this information online, and free, many still need that guide. I simply dont understand why people need this guide, bnecause I can learn and like to learn things on my own. but if I can make money doing that, why not.
Now i need to start.

[4/26/26, 3:47 AM] Thinking on lowering the prices. We have been having low demand on weekdays. And that worries me a lot. For example right now at 3:47 pm we have only so far 3400 MXN terrible for a Saturday.

[4/26/26, 3:48 AM] Although if I managed to make an additional 15,000 MXN per month in profit. I will be fine

[4/27/26, 3:50 AM] sales of the last 14 days at costa coral:
"day","sales_number","people_served"
"2026-04-12","2440.00","8"
"2026-04-13","3287.50","12"
"2026-04-14","0.00","0"
"2026-04-15","3516.00","12"
"2026-04-16","1627.00","7"
"2026-04-17","3097.00","10"
"2026-04-18","3473.00","13"
"2026-04-19","9895.00","34"
"2026-04-20","327.00","2"
"2026-04-21","0.00","0"
"2026-04-22","1597.00","8"
"2026-04-23","2578.00","14"
"2026-04-24","5514.00","25"
"2026-04-25","4450.00","18"

[4/27/26, 5:42 AM] I'm tired of the restaurant Although we have people For example, today we sold around 6,000 6,000 something Yesterday we sold 4,500 But it's half of what I would expect for this week And the demand is so varied, it is exhausting. I know I don't have to have this mentality that I give up or something. But now every other perspective to generate money I see it as very difficult because I already very in the hole I don know how to describe it inside the coral coast so even to buy a microphone because if I want to record videos for YouTube or something like that, it costs me a lot of money, because it is money, taking money from one side, where I no longer have it, reality to put another side where who knows if I generate money I use the money and in a week or two weeks and then the probability that this will happen because it is not so high then I know that if I could change my way of thinking, I would say to myself, myself, everything will be fine, You have a business that although the last trend is negative there are people who like it Maybe you just have to decipher how to maximize and produce value. Think about how to solve this part of, for example, people, waiters. We have to really rethink how we can make a system where it does not occupy, only produce value. and this... I don't know, I don't know how... this... but there are people who appreciate your product there are people who are willing to pay for it something that some time ago would have thought that this is the difficult part Right now you just have to adjust and you are in the difficult position because you actually owe a lot of money and that limits you But you just have to produce more than you consume. You have spent a lot of time in the restaurant. But you have to think in smart ways to invest some of that time in other sources. That do not require so much time. I am sure that of all the people I know. You are one of the most capable people to solve it. You just have to find ways to carry them out And not postpone them indefinitely because you already know that there is something multiplied by zero Well, it does not generate anything Multiply by 2, 3, 4, a number that is low but it multiplies constantly

[4/27/26, 6:49 AM] Writer Lock database save test note.

[4/27/26, 6:51 AM] Writer Lock UI visibility test note.

[4/27/26, 12:57 PM] ok, lets see. I was talking about how AI models are very good now at making designs, they can help iterate or find a path of design for objects in this case products to be sold.
I should harness that power and the power of my postion, in this case that i see the potential and that in my father i have someone who is willing to try and experiment.
I have afeeling that we can make something unique, how unique I dont know.
My mind only thinks lets build fornitrure designed by the AI and sell it online.
But lets think from first principles. Lets say what is the bottleneck. Rifgh now many people is able to build buriniture, at deifferent types of qualities, but why you dont hear from carpenters who earn a lot of money, i wonder if its because they lack the means to sell their product at a premium.
they sell onky the product to intermediate who earn a part of the money.
But we can be the whole company that design it, builds them and sells them.
We have the skills.
We know how to design them, build them and creatre sites and ads to sell them online.
I wonder if this is true.
For one we should make one piece and see the cost and price it at 3x the cost. Spend the 5,000 mxn on ads to see how many we can sell. maybe only to get some datapoints. Maybe we cannot sell even one. But what if we will 10 or 20, I suspect the probability of selling more is real. With the we could perfect the funnel.
But currently a piece of data is that my dad has said to me that he sells at 2x the costs. and with this he managhes to cover expenses. We could keep the other 1/3. By we I mean I as as a marketing department inside the brand.
So what is the single pieces of action I can make tomorrow, to move this project foirward.  Design with the helkp of AI 5 pieces of content to show to my dad. Ask for his feed back. Only that. I dont need to do anything else for now.
for sure I think I need to keeop this idea i myind, peo middle man keep the profits, we can avoid them and capture the vasluere. at 3x u thuink that could work.

[4/27/26, 1:13 PM] This tool to write actually works.
I have set numers goals, word counts and I have managed to acomplish all of them. Aweomse unfortunately now writing is cheap thanks to AI.
But at least I am able to think more clearly thanks to my writing.
Still i keep thinking about how can we design products usign only AI. And that not many people is doing that at least on where I live. I would design one and if done correclty not having to work more hours to get money from that design.
Like my wife does with the design she does for the people who ask graophic design for prioducts but here it will be design of produicts.
And is improsivce to me that she can make money from doing that given that know there are tools that make that effort relatively easy. But I suspect is the possition she is in. She has contacts.
The same could be said about me, I have contacts, in this case my dad that can be my conections for doing produicts. Yes maybe we can explore wild ideas of what a wooden productr can be, not necessarely the basic old chair. Or maybe yes, who know. That sis why is important to get data points.
I wonder

[4/27/26, 10:22 PM] I need to think what I am going to do today. Today as any day is important. i Might not see it right now and that is the reason why I end up doing shit. I just sees it as the cistunstances present themselfs asnd this limit how i want to shape my day, my week, my month, my life.
Maybe I dont have the capacity to do everything i want, or shape every part of my life, but more control, will be very welcomed.
Now lets think something that is in my control, arrive early to the restaurant so I have time to do everyuthing in time and not feel rushed. I think this is evry important. One think that I hate the most, is that feeling of tryting to do everyting as fast as possible, when in reality is not needed if only i arrive on time.
Other stuff I will like to do is to do an activity that compound with the actions of the follwoing days, iot could be draft the first video i want to record. It will be something that in my mind I will Diana, Fer and Claw to see, it could be something related to how the terminal with AI works. Show the limitations of the UI and web interface or hwo to build a website and upload it to vercel. Both seem fine. Only so they can use it and test ideas.
Maybe the idea of Diana of making cards for creativity, first doing it myself, grab some notes and then redo it live for them to see. How I go from basic idea, explainng to the Ai what i want, accpeting questions from them and let it go. I will like siomething along those lines, build a project for them.
Then charge $1 mxn or $1 usd so my brain feels like it produced something with this ideas and move forward.
i have been thinking that inside of my there are 100 bad videos and I need to extract them as fast as possible so the good ones start to show. If I make 2 videos of 10 min max each, in 50 days I have those awesome videos to show. And earn money from them by selling them as courses.
I think I ghave somehting to tell and show that many others dont. I need top capitlize on that, Now that I need money.

[4/28/26, 8:41 AM] This is time to write, lets see if I can hit the first goal post, my mind is a litle scatterded becasue of lack of money. I need to stabilize the restaurant and also see if its in my power to help my dad to find work as carpenter. He has a great oupput but currenlty he doesnt have where to put that power.
I realizer that we can do somehitn togheter, me by being the markeing department of his, by building forniture desined by AI. And outsoruce it to him. Right now my fear is that I have sell anything on that domain and for some reason  my mind freezes.
But i must be remind that i am selling food daily. That I can sell stuff, even food. and I idea that will have sounded wild a few years ago, being me a 3d designer for almost all my life and now jumping carrears to a totallyu diffrerent domain, if I can do that, for sure I can sell forniture.
Prtobably my mind thinks that probabiolityu of success is close to zero. For some reason. But how we couild tuirn it uinto 20%? Maybe doing 5 pieces and sellt them at a cost, only to udnerstand the dynamics, spot errors. and tey to fix them. Lets say to get data points.
That will teahc my brain that i can put forniture in the hosues of others.
io was thinkting that beforwe going to watch ayoutube with Diana.
Now I am thinking about how i not doing my best effort in many places. For example I wonder whaty would happen if every day I made my best effort to be absolutlely sure that we tried our best to make the best advertising for Costa Coral or to reduce our waste in copsta Coral.
Like if every day I could be sure in my mind that we made biggest effort in Morelia, like that in my head is not doubt that we tried or best in the city were we live. Things could dramatically change even in a single month.
But how to imple,ment that into action, isndei costa coral or even in my life. that I managed to do somehtin g every single day that in my mind i am sure I tried or at least did the best effort than any other place on Morelia.
When I was sad, a few years ago. It was kind of easy to achive that. I just simple did the stuff that many others I knew by simply knwowing that my actions where waaay different to others, that i probably was trying to experiment and go beyong what is normal. And for sure in my mind I was going to bed with thew clear idea that i tried to be happy and probably I was from all the people in my dcityu.
Its hard to explain, but I trully felt it.
Now lets think about it. What is a single action I could take right now that I would say, it was hard, I am sure many people wont put the effort to even try it but when its the next night, I am going to bed but probly i will feel that I did my best in the city:
Probably eliminate the most expensive dishes on Costa Coral an reduice the price of the buffet. Maybe at 199/269
Or maybe:
Offer small packages for local people, at $69 or $89 inspiring ourselves with chinese food, that is very fullfillijng and cheap to make. I think we can serve people around us to gain some monety

[4/28/26, 12:03 PM] I need to put action in my life. I know for sure that there are many aspects of it, where I cannot say with confidence that I am doing my best effort. And I only have one life and doing it in lazy mode is wasting my potential . I dont want to be seen as I see others who waste their lifes away. For this I need to change many aspects of it and not take the easy path. I usually take the easy path.
How I am going to solve this, probably by working harder and do in it every day.

[4/28/26, 12:19 PM] what do I am thinking? That is late, i need to go to sleep and here I am typing. Yes, typing with no purpose only to see if this app works. BUt what else? Do I have a clear goal lets say for the end of the week?
Yes! fill the restaurant with costumers and sell around 8000 on sat and sun each day. Which currenlty that saounds not too proabble, btw those are mxn. WHy is not likely, bacsuie I havent sold those amounts in the last weeks. The weeks have been low.
But if that is the purpose, why I am not working cosintelty to ahievbe that goal?
For example I know for sure that people react to social media post, I should be creating variants of the most succesfull social media creative to bring costumers to the restuirant, at least 10 variants.
Make a new video, similar to one that has worked in the pass or at least make a new video for tiktok.
Promote that kinds of 1m are now free.
Even if those ideas dont succedd, there is more probability that we will sell more, than less probabilities. Why is that, because we are trying more thinhs of the ones that worked instead of less.
At least that is my thinking

[4/28/26, 12:33 PM] this are my last 200 words to type for the night. I think I have learned a lot about how to use this app. What I need is to put a very long target like 2000 words and see how i react to it. what output would I get after typing for so long, also I wondder what would happen if i add a system to force me writintg as fasrt as possible, like the old systems. with the idea of pulling ideas out of my brain.
that mixed wirth tnis method that blocks me from the rest of the computer could work, and if i let the system wins, that is i dont type the rerwuiqrd word per second, my work is deleted, maybe i get some rest in between the sessions, mayube every 250 words. Letrs reseeravch the writer who demande from himself certain amount of words every X asmount of time.
What if I was demanded by the AI to write about certain subject and if I drift away, that paragraph is deleted. only to keep me in check, for example right know I am trypeing as long as I can, but i write about a lot of stuff all over the place

[5/4/26, 8:56 AM] I need to write a lot, to maybe have an idea. right now what excites me the most is able to to generate something little by little. that is have a seed, an imperfect seed if that si the only thing I have and work on it over and over until its something impresive. For some reason this, I think it will work. Now the question is, what does that seed looks like.
For example lets say we want to make a great ad for costa coral for this weekend. What do we need? Talk about Moms and how they are going to spend the day great? No! that is too boring for us, we need something more impresive. Something that will grab you.
It coul be a hook, what kind of hook do we need for this?
Somehting funny I already say no for this. But what else could be? Something that goes to the feelings? Like something nostalgic. Maybe this time not comercial.
Showing photage of Moms serving classic dishes to their kids and recording that with an old cam, like those US videos.
Maybe be pull them with something that is kind of unrelated, and pum! a dew seconds later we rememeber, our Moms serving us, great dishes that we loved, because we love what our Moms made us, that is whyfsdfMom  fsd fsd ff sdf, ok, lets keep writing. apaprenlty this aspp has more problems that i originaly though.
but ok, lertks keep going. I see the issue that the video can become too long.
Maybe only mention that Moms show their love with small details, not ncessarily impresive displays of love. and maybe you as a costumer can do the same for her, with a simple detail. A taco. No more, no less. We dont strive to be more than a place where you can go to eat a delicious taco in company of the people you love while having a nice convbersation to the people you love.
That might weork. a somple idea, that Moms show their love in a simple way and we are that simple. A taco an a nice place to have a meaninful and special conversation, to rememeebr those thimes they had when they were kids and Mom took care of them.
That might work as an idea for an ad. That it doesnt mention specially one promo or agresively a price. only a feeling and some event they can relate to. I wonder how is going to work, i mean the result of the campain.
I could do somehting very simple at first.
Maybe only extract the core idea and ask the Ai to make it more consice and fluid.
Then pass  that to text to voice and start filling the empty video spaces with small clips that last around 3 sec.
With the new Ai model for image generation i could make a collage that could convey those ideas and fill wirth stills and later convert them to video one by one.

[5/17/26, 3:28 AM] Lately feeling anxious about the performance of Costa Coral. I suppose it has to do with my lack of money. That weekends are not as good as before. Also the restaurant is not as packed as before on weekends when it was full of reservations even before opening.

[5/17/26, 3:33 AM] Does my fear of collapsing demand is true for Costa coral? Yesterday Friday we sold above $4000 MXN which is not bad at all. And we started the month fine. Maybe I need to remaind myself that this is a long run project and a single bad day is not catastrophic, only trends and I can act on those. For now it's of my believe that maybe is good to lower the price. To estabilice demand. Or hire someone who comes to check us out and promote it. Don't know worries on many fronts. Money, Health, Relationships.

[5/18/26, 4:52 AM] fecha	totalcomedor
01/04/2026	13517
02/04/2026	0
03/04/2026	17081
04/04/2026	8492
05/04/2026	7018
06/04/2026	0
07/04/2026	0
08/04/2026	2470
09/04/2026	0
10/04/2026	2637
11/04/2026	5314
12/04/2026	2440
13/04/2026	3287.5
14/04/2026	0
15/04/2026	3516
16/04/2026	1627
17/04/2026	3097
18/04/2026	3473
19/04/2026	9895
20/04/2026	327
21/04/2026	0
22/04/2026	1597
23/04/2026	2578
24/04/2026	5514
25/04/2026	4450
26/04/2026	7225
27/04/2026	2632
28/04/2026	0
29/04/2026	5488
30/04/2026	238
April sales for costa coral

[5/18/26, 4:52 AM] fecha	totalcomedor
01/05/2026	8532.5
02/05/2026	7189
03/05/2026	7419
04/05/2026	5985
05/05/2026	0
06/05/2026	1927.8
07/05/2026	2621
08/05/2026	3398
09/05/2026	6551
10/05/2026	12065
11/05/2026	4954
12/05/2026	0
13/05/2026	1581
14/05/2026	2629
15/05/2026	4655
16/05/2026	5716
may Sales for Costa Coral

[5/18/26, 5:00 AM] Well, on Saturdays and Sundays we have sold much less than we would like. I do not know why if this we already returned the promotion of water with refill I think we have emphasized our advertising a suspicion of mine Although we have increased the price According to me, due to adjusting the demand That is, the more demand, the higher the price To reduce it But apparently I passed that level and now I reduce it by more So you have to adjust it Reducing the price that is my lever and to stabilize the demand for coral cost It is not a fatal month And I must keep that in mind because with low prices I would like to know what month it was, well what price it had But we sold up to 80,000 pesos, 86 something, around there and it was not yet a high price then also out there maybe our offer the fact that we sell tacos and that people consider it as something economic and then when they come and spend above a thousand pesos because maybe there is a dissonance I would like to have one an easy way to interpret what is happening and to understand to be able to make the necessary adjustments but I suppose it is not easy and I try that not everyone has a restaurant, the ideal is to stabilize it maybe from here you can get 20,000 pesos fixed and make the transition as fast as possible to another option

[5/18/26, 5:03 AM] Well, I don't know, I just passed another place for food I am now going through another business and it is a street business where they do not pay rent and they have people, I am sure that if they had to pay rent they would have to raise their costs and this is a reality that paying a rent forces you to charge more to be able to get it out of the rent as you can turn that into a positive if I am already charging them more but maybe the same thing returns the dissonance of that we Mexicans associate tacos with something cheap and well, don't want to don't see it as a premium food as an option to go to have a good time I don't know

[5/18/26, 5:06 AM] And I repeat, we are not this month, thanks to the end of May 10, because apparently it will not be so bad, apparently we will cross the 100,000 pesos goal, but if I analyze it, the effort that it takes me to earn those, let's say, 20,000, 25,000 pesos, it is a lot. Practically, if I did my job, it would take two accounts with social networks. with social networks, maybe I will be able to give them better until I do not care much if it is economically viable for them I could charge you 6 pesos 5 pesos that would be 10 4 4 clientes que hacer su trabajo ser facil y de redes sociales, y pues es que ese capital fuera para pues tan solo los gastos de la casa y cosas, no sé, o sea, esos 4 clientes serían What I earn from Costa Coral And Costa Coral is involving me right now A lot of wear Because the money that comes in is unpredictable There are many risks And well, my days are Practically every week And very tired Physically and mentally Maybe yes I mean, I have I keep Subsidying That inefficiency But it's no longer from the client Maybe we can say that it's an inefficiency of the business because this one even with all the effort we are putting the return is not enough

[5/18/26, 5:10 AM] for example we are spending around seven hours inside the restaurant working in an intense and continuous way physically and I I return home, I have to dedicate around 1 to 2 hours when I can, when I'm not very tired, to make social networks. And I dare to say that the work has been quite respectable, between photo editing, video editing. I even use a little music out there, decide how much to put in the campaigns, so I don't know what to think I don't know, I'm stressing out too much, from what I see most of the businesses are closed and maybe right now I'm just stressed because the Sundays were high and now they are not but also in three weeks we already sell in a almost routine way 2000 or 3000 maybe I just have to check with the last sales but maybe our demand is simply rebalancing and maybe we are not so much of a destination and maybe we can see it from a positive point of view change on Tuesday of rest for the weekend and maybe we should run those numbers if we no longer open on Sunday we would not occupy Jenny Monser I think I see it very drastic but why not analyze it from all points I must also be grateful because at least it seems that my kidneys are working well right now I could be in a scenario where my kidneys were already very bad and also bad sales, that could be the worst of all things because my funds to face a difficult situation and the difficult situation and well, right now I am at least without a very difficult problem to solve now in reality, right now between my dad, me and maybe the support of one of my brothers my brothers can get me out of the problem that is there, otherwise, surely not.

[5/18/26, 5:15 AM] I'm calm because in reality if we take away the money that we say at the end of the day I have to pay the suppliers because at the same time due to the fact that we have a high cost of inputs, Well, that also lets me see that if we don't sell them, nothing will happen. Well, yes, maybe accept the reality that maybe we are no longer a destination. and see how we can turn that around or see it as something positive maybe make the basic buffet more desirable so that more people know about it and with more people that know him he started to have more demand to make the effort of the premium buffet less and less and try to survive with what the basic buffet gives us maybe even the basic name was to only buffet So that it does not look like a sub product but a good option Right now I'm passing through a place of Mexican food and it has people I've never seen with people That means that sometimes I have before doing a I have to see it at different times. I thought this place was totally dead. But no. It has 4 months with people. 5 months. I'm going to go to the toilet. Good for them. Bad for us. We have to fix our ... our ... our ... our ... proposal of value. Proposal of value, proposal of value. because we are not cheap, maybe we are good, but nothing else. And we are talking about Mexicans in a city where there is not enough money and this, maybe it is from there to adapt to that amount of money that there is

[5/18/26, 10:46 AM] history information, On January 26 2025. We had a single buffet (one tier). 199 on weekdays and 239 on weekends

[5/18/26, 10:48 AM] on January 29 2025, the buffet had two tiers Basico 199 and Premium 249

[5/18/26, 10:50 AM] August 2025, the buffet costs 219 Básico and Premium 269

[5/22/26, 6:13 AM] date,total_sales
2026-05-07,2621.00
2026-05-08,3398.00
2026-05-09,6551.00
2026-05-10,12065.00
2026-05-11,4954.00
2026-05-12,0.00
2026-05-13,1581.00
2026-05-14,2629.00
2026-05-15,4655.00
2026-05-16,5716.00
2026-05-17,6588.00
2026-05-18,3154.00
2026-05-19,0.00
2026-05-20,1505.00
2026-05-21,3914.80
sales as of today

[5/26/26, 1:43 AM] Today we start the day with a period of where we are going to do a pivot based on what we currently handle with Flor and I, we are going to start creating a company that for now has the name of Domo which is a company, it is a website, maybe in the future an app where we are going to start to have a list of restaurants in Morelia that want to increase traffic in their spaces, restaurants, places of food in general, be places of delivery and this we are going to charge a low cost for that low cost they will have exposure on social networks the possibility of having people can request coupons for a very low offer and that they can attract people to their restaurants I think this idea has a lot of potential because we have this problem then there are days when you feel sad and desperate because you don´t have any people and you are willing to give very low prices just to start to get to know you, or even move inventory so you don´t get lost, etc. so you could give her the best possible, because money doesn´t come out, as much as I do, she will be in charge of the sales, today I went to see two people who didn´t make the sale, they showed up as she mentioned interested but it is not a sale, we want to know certain numbers, like what is our conversion our conversion, how many people we need to communicate to have a sale, in respect to how many companies and also how many people we need to enter the site, so that for example they change a coupon and then go to the restaurant and take that offer, they are crucial numbers that we want to know.

[5/26/26, 1:49 AM] This desire to do a pivot from Costa Coral to this other idea called Domo is due to a physical fatigue from my part and also from Flor's part where the accumulation of daily fatigue plus the fact of not being able to rest only one day a week has complicated our day to day. Also, not winning what we would like for the effort we have, because it is not something for which we are satisfied and I believe that they are sufficiently capable as I am to create a company where it does not have as much competition as a restaurant where you have to compete week by week with other places and that is less demanding, physically, where we can make use of new technologies in a more efficient way, such as artificial intelligence, and for example, in the case of Aurora, make use of her perseverance abilities, and that she is able to learn quickly. So we know that right now we have to learn many things that we don't know, but that even so the competition is not so advanced from us I think we can offer better prices than a simple community manager who is currently charging or taking the social networks of a business when we initially are going to charge $1,000 in what we acquire more clients. And I dare to say that we have the potential to offer better service because we know both aspects. We know what happens in a place that sells food when its social networks on the weekend are not working as they should. And what it could mean, for example, a Saturday or Sunday where he didn't have the exhibition he wanted and this idea will have its where I hope mentally right now is that it can work very well because we would add the budget of several places in advertising in an entity that would be willing to pay to Facebook TikTok and Instagram a strong amount in ads to dominate and be constantly shown and this would cause a snowball effect that would allow us to be positioning better and better constantly now that I think about it, even using the tools for example where meta te da un ingreso adicional por la exposición que tienen tus anuncios y también para ingresar, poner AdSense dentro de la aplicación podría ser una de las opciones.

[5/26/26, 2:17 AM] DOMO suscrition service for business services — current version
## 1. Pricing model
This is a **subscription service**.
Clients pay monthly.
The starting price is low to make early acquisition easier. Then the price increases as the business gets more clients and more proof.
Existing clients keep the price they joined with.
This means:
> A client who starts at **$1,000/month** keeps paying **$1,000/month**.
> Their price does **not** increase later.
## 2. Price ladder
Price increases by **$500 every 5 clients**, capped at **$2,500/month**.
| Client cohort | Monthly price per client | Total cohort revenue |
| ------------: | -----------------------: | -------------------: |
|   Clients 1–5 |                   $1,000 |               $5,000 |
|  Clients 6–10 |                   $1,500 |               $7,500 |
| Clients 11–15 |                   $2,000 |              $10,000 |
|   Clients 16+ |                   $2,500 |             Variable |
After client 16, every additional client pays:
`$2,500/month`
because the price cap has already been reached.
---
# 3. Main monthly expenses
| Expense           | Meaning                                                      |                            Amount |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------: |
| Ads               | Money spent to acquire clients                               | 30% of revenue, capped at $12,000 |
| Role pay          | Pay for the person handling sales, client support, and admin |          $10,000 + 12% of revenue |
| Debt payment      | Monthly debt payment                                         |                           $12,000 |
| Personal expenses | Your personal monthly draw/expenses                          |                            $9,000 |
| Debt + personal   | Combined fixed need outside role pay and ads                 |                           $21,000 |
---
# 4. What “role pay” means
**Role pay** is the total monthly compensation for the person who handles:
* Sales
* Client follow-up
* Client support
* Admin tasks
* Keeping accounts active
* Helping manage renewals / retention
The current formula is:
`Role pay = $10,000 + 12% of collected revenue`
So she earns a fixed base plus upside as the business grows.
Example:
| Clients |  Revenue | Role pay |
| ------: | -------: | -------: |
|      20 |  $35,000 |  $14,200 |
|      26 |  $50,000 |  $16,000 |
|      30 |  $60,000 |  $17,200 |
|      40 |  $85,000 |  $20,200 |
|      50 | $110,000 |  $23,200 |
---
# 5. Ads rule
Ads are:
`30% of revenue`
but capped at:
`$12,000/month`
So once revenue reaches $40,000, ads stop increasing.
Ad cap math:
`$12,000 / 0.30 = $40,000 revenue`
With this pricing ladder, the ad cap activates at around **22 clients**.
---
# 6. Revenue formula
For the first 15 clients:
| Clients | Revenue |
| ------: | ------: |
|       5 |  $5,000 |
|      10 | $12,500 |
|      15 | $22,500 |
After 15 clients:
`Revenue = $22,500 + $2,500 × (clients - 15)`
Simplified:
`Revenue = $2,500 × clients - $15,000`
Example at 30 clients:
`$2,500 × 30 - $15,000 = $60,000`
---
# 7. Full projection
| Clients |  Revenue |     Ads | Role pay | Debt + personal | Final result |
| ------: | -------: | ------: | -------: | --------------: | -----------: |
|       5 |   $5,000 |  $1,500 |  $10,600 |         $21,000 | **-$28,100** |
|      10 |  $12,500 |  $3,750 |  $11,500 |         $21,000 | **-$23,750** |
|      15 |  $22,500 |  $6,750 |  $12,700 |         $21,000 | **-$17,950** |
|      20 |  $35,000 | $10,500 |  $14,200 |         $21,000 | **-$10,700** |
|      22 |  $40,000 | $12,000 |  $14,800 |         $21,000 |  **-$7,800** |
|      24 |  $45,000 | $12,000 |  $15,400 |         $21,000 |  **-$3,400** |
|      25 |  $47,500 | $12,000 |  $15,700 |         $21,000 |  **-$1,200** |
|      26 |  $50,000 | $12,000 |  $16,000 |         $21,000 |  **+$1,000** |
|      27 |  $52,500 | $12,000 |  $16,300 |         $21,000 |  **+$3,200** |
|      30 |  $60,000 | $12,000 |  $17,200 |         $21,000 |  **+$9,800** |
|      35 |  $72,500 | $12,000 |  $18,700 |         $21,000 | **+$20,800** |
|      40 |  $85,000 | $12,000 |  $20,200 |         $21,000 | **+$31,800** |
|      45 |  $97,500 | $12,000 |  $21,700 |         $21,000 | **+$42,800** |
|      50 | $110,000 | $12,000 |  $23,200 |         $21,000 | **+$53,800** |
---
# 8. Break-even
Break-even happens at **26 active clients**.
At 25 clients:
`$47,500 - $12,000 - $15,700 - $21,000 = -$1,200`
At 26 clients:
`$50,000 - $12,000 - $16,000 - $21,000 = +$1,000`
So:
| Level              | Clients |
| ------------------ | ------: |
| Almost works       |      25 |
| Break-even         |      26 |
| Safer early target |      30 |
| Healthy target     |      40 |
| Strong target      |      50 |
---
# 9. What the final result means
The **final result** is what remains after paying:
1. Ads
2. The sales/support/admin person
3. Debt payment
4. Your personal expenses
It is not pure net profit yet because we have not included:
* Taxes
* Software costs
* Payment processing fees
* Refunds
* Failed payments
* Legal/accounting costs
* Extra support tools
* Churn
* Any direct cost to deliver the service
So the final result is better described as:
> **Operating surplus before extra costs and taxes.**
---
# 10. Key numbers to remember
| Metric                           |                   Number |
| -------------------------------- | -----------------------: |
| Starting price                   |             $1,000/month |
| Price increase                   |    +$500 every 5 clients |
| Price cap                        |             $2,500/month |
| Existing client price increases? |                       No |
| Ads                              |           30% of revenue |
| Ads cap                          |            $12,000/month |
| Role pay                         | $10,000 + 12% of revenue |
| Debt payment                     |            $12,000/month |
| Personal expenses                |             $9,000/month |
| Break-even                       |               26 clients |
| Revenue at break-even            |            $50,000/month |
| Safer target                     |               30 clients |
| Healthy target                   |               40 clients |
| Strong target                    |               50 clients |
---
# 11. Business interpretation
The business is weak before **20 clients**.
At **20 clients**, revenue is $35,000/month, but the model is still short by **$10,700/month**.
The business almost works at **25 clients**.
The business crosses break-even at **26 clients**.
At **30 clients**, the business has around **$9,800/month** surplus.
At **40 clients**, the business becomes healthy, with around **$31,800/month** surplus.
At **50 clients**, the business becomes strong, with around **$53,800/month** surplus.
The mechanism is:
`low early price → easier acquisition → proof → higher price → better margin`
The risk is:
`too many low-price clients + too much support work = low margin`
The solution is the current ladder:
`$1,000 → $1,500 → $2,000 → $2,500 cap`
This makes the service easier to sell at the start, but prevents the business from becoming trapped with too many cheap accounts.

[6/3/26, 11:46 AM] I need to keep adding data. Specially now that we have made some changes. The price again 269 premium and 199 básico. I have been feeling stressed specially on the last two weeks of may. Because we had a lot to pay (big bills) and I feel like I was not going to make it. But I think there is a change we might achieve it or need a little more money to keep playing. Right now martes at night, I feel calm a weird feeling that I haven't had in days. Don't know why I feel calm. Probably because I think I have a strategy to earn more money. The hope that the situation can improve in a few weeks is exciting and makes me feel better. And when I feel there is no hope I get sad, tired, like any effort is futile.

[6/3/26, 1:34 PM] I have been seen the results of ads on TikTok and Facebook. The ones that perform better have some hook, some "human" element to it, try to speak to the viewer in a deeper level, not a catchy ad, those don't work to drive reservations.

[6/3/26, 5:23 PM]  Today we are going to do the first test to see if we can already sell things inside Marmota to see how many kits we can sell. My first goal is to reach 10, I hope we can sell these days at 69 pesos that would allow us to have a mattress to protect ourselves from bad sales inside the buffet for now we are going to handle both things together the buffet and the and this of marmota and further as we see the numbers and how things happen, will determine the next action courses.

[6/3/26, 9:37 PM] currently the system says the goal for the month in sales for Costa Coral is 103428, which is very low. I hope we find a way to increase it.

[6/3/26, 9:40 PM] last year we sold $120,851 mxn on june 2025. and looking at the numbers it looked kind of healthy, I mean a steady income of costumers all week. No super high weekends, but also nice weekdays.

[6/4/26, 2:30 PM] Apparently today we are going to make the first test for marmota. Trying to sell at $69 each item. I wish to sell 10. While this wont fix our problems it will be the first milestone to prove that it works and later we can aim for 20 sold items that will change how I view the business. No longer worried about a bad day of sales. Because we will have another small income

[6/4/26, 2:32 PM] A little anxious about today test. The test of marmota. Don't know why. Probably because I don't want to go to offer it in person. Or something, don't know how to explain it

[6/4/26, 2:38 PM] When you hunt for data, a "no" is just as valuable as a "yes" because it narrows the variables. This removes the sting of rejection and replaces it with analytical curiosity.

[6/4/26, 4:07 PM]  Ok, I'm heading to the new village where we are going to do the first test of Mammoth. I must give more details so that it is registered. registered Well, the idea is to offer a product to eat that is rich that the portion is relatively large and cheap The idea came out because well, we are paying a high income for the location of the local however, we are not taking advantage of the traffic or the people who live there who maybe do not have the capacity to pay 200 pesos a day, but if a very low amount of 69 pesos is below what it would cost, for example, if one wanted to fill himself with tacos, Or if it's the price of a cake, which is the cheapest thing to eat or to have for lunch, which is the second breakfast of Mexicans. And we are considering that option. Today we are going to do the first test I already have the parameters well defined initially we are going to try to sell 10 just to collect information and give us confidence that it is possible Then we are going to try to sell 20, in the event that the first tests are encouraging, and also that we adapt to the workflow, work inside the kitchen since it will be additional work for this in any case if we start to sell 10 consistently it would be worth hiring someone in the meantime in three weeks this and with this I hope to start having an additional income at least avoid having good personal concerns for low sales lack of money our goal would be to sell 32 daily that would already put us in a very interesting situation especially because each increase in price because it will have a very significant impact But we are going to need $ 69 pesos to start calling attention and collect information Right now what we have is that the buffet would be paying the expenses of the local And other expenses, so for that part we do not worry that the first tests fail It's not like we only sell 3 So, right now we are going to look for information Let's see what happens

[6/4/26, 4:09 PM]  In this moment I feel anxious, I don't know exactly why, I'm going to have to go into the kitchen to support the marmota work. and I lack total experience and I will be supported by Flor, who already has a lot. I don't know, I feel anxiety. And it's also not because of the amount of sales. If we sell one or two, it's clear to me that it's only the opportunity to optimize. I don't know, I feel anxious maybe because it's something new, because it goes against my usual, I'm going to plan, we're going to plan and never act, which keeps me in a safe zone. And in this case, in a way, I feel pressured by Flor, who is the one who wants to do it. Because I promised her a raise in the case that this works. and the fact of trying something in the real world always causes me anxiety and it's possibly because I haven't been encouraged to do it.

[6/4/26, 4:10 PM]  I would like to know how to see it in my mind so that it is something exciting to gamify it instead of something that would be anxious and well to see what happens but if I would like to be excited but I think it is worth analyzing I'm going to go out today because of that anxiety that... yes, that anxiety because it's often what stops me

[6/5/26, 6:15 AM] We only sold 1 unit of the marmota tests. Didn't go as expected. Many mentioned they already had their food ordered or made in their home

[6/5/26, 6:19 AM] I feel we need to modify the Costa coral business model. To remove the waiter. Right now if I want to stop working in there. I not only need a replacement of a waiter. But also a companion in the kitchen for Flor. But if we removed the waiter in a new model, we only need the kitchen replacement

[6/5/26, 7:10 AM] I like what the AI told me about how I think:  "I plan so I can feel hope, but I avoid acting so I can stay safe." It was criticism but I think it got it right.

[6/6/26, 5:56 AM] I get frustrated by my inability to generate money

[6/6/26, 6:01 AM] For some reason the AI assumes the margin in Costa Coral is way higher than actually is. Is not 27% is a lot lower than that. Also the roas from TikTok is no longer what it was at first. Now with luck I get one reservation per week

[6/6/26, 6:10 AM] The AI tells me I need to focus on Costa coral. But for example this month the projection is only $100,000 MXN in revenue. From only a fraction is net profit, an amount that is noth enough to cover my expenses. And I have noticed that investing more in ads only makes the costumer acquisition higher, not the amount of reservations. Let's say I need at least an additional 15,000 MXN in my pocket to feel conformable. Getting that from Costa coral this month, requires around $32,000 MXN more in sales, which I find naive from my part that we might have that luck to increase to sales. Yes I need to focus on Costa Coral, there is a lot of know how that is unique and I think it provides value, but I see paths that have a lot less stress, physical effort or risk to earn those 15000 MXN

[6/6/26, 6:19 PM] monse is earning 1275, for friday-sun

[6/6/26, 8:35 PM] we are making the water in house. Jamaica and coconut. Jamaica uses 250grms of jamaica, 1.5 kilograms of sugar to make around 10 litters of water. the coocnut one, uses 1 liter of coconut cream+ 250 grms of sugar + 100 millitliters of coconut water. 

Costs: Sugar $24mxn Kilo
jamainca kilo $105 kilo
coconut cream 1 litter $69
coocnut water 1 liter $89

currently we are preparing 9 litters of each daily. except martes that we dont open.

[6/6/26, 8:48 PM] done some preliminary math from serving water from pulpa mia to the now made in house: 


Pulpa Mía (before)	$6,660
In-house (now)	$3,800

This numbers are montly expenses

[6/7/26, 12:19 AM] thinking on letting go of monse because of the extremelly low demand of this week and the overall downtrend

[6/7/26, 12:26 AM] i have a weird feeling, the sales are very low. in this case if the month continue like this we will only sell around $60,000 mxn to the high $70,000 mxn. which puts me in a very bad possition. With more debt that at this stage worries me a lot. But in another side, i feel calm. dont know if its the weather (rainy) that other bussniess have said that they also have feeling a slowdown. That maybe I am starting to realize that this is my oportunity to make a restaurant super ultra lean to make it hard to kill. we will have to make a lot of changes in the kitchen to be able to do more with less people. but there is a chance to reduce around $16,000 mxn from the breakeven point according to some early calculations. I would like to be more, but is a good amount.

[6/7/26, 12:37 AM] i have realized something i only need around 18,000 mxn above my breakeven point to survive. I mean to pay expenses and minimal payments of my debt. If I manage to find a way to earn this amount of money while working in the restaunt (possible because of the low traffic) I can reduce my anxiaty for slow days. for example if i find 5 clients and do something for them that is $3600 for each

[6/7/26, 2:04 AM] Las ventas han reducido drásticamente en Costa Coral. Cuando antes llegamos a vender un sábado 8,000, 9,000 pesos. Hoy solamente sábado vendimos alrededor de 1,200 pesos. No me... me impacta el día, pero también me impacta la tendencia, that this is being constant and well it tells me that this month will be extremely low the lowest we have had in our history and well if that is done I will be in serious problems I have right now I have thought about reducing my fixed costs so that our balance point is much less and maybe go through, I don't remember exactly our current fixed point, but that we can go through something more manageable so that we can remember what we found the way to solve their problems, instead of me presenting a loss of money, only that it is a simple lack of income. On the other hand, I need to find another income outside the restaurant. It will be at least 15,000 pesos per month. And I feel that with this we could... that it won't cause me so much anxiety. a month down, a few months down, a few days down from sales, doing this double action.

[6/7/26, 5:58 PM] considering closing Costa Coral, at least for a few months, to stop the loss of money. It is clear to me that with these losses, both the weight of the monetary loss and the psychological one, I'm starting to think that it's more expensive at this moment to keep it open than to keep it closed. I'm considering other alternatives, like changing to a marketing company for restaurants, I'm sure I will lower my anxiety.

[6/7/26, 9:26 PM] sunday has started and at 2:11 pm we dont have any costumers. Feeling calm because i drank some beers (2 to be exact), I did this to numb the anxiaty I have because the sudden dramatical slowdown of sales in Costa Coral. As every day passes the projections for the month reduces and reduces to a point that i need to consider shutting down. 

I am in no position of allowing more debt into my life. 

Is a mix of anxiaty, because I need to solve this, saddness that i will probably need to shut down something that I have been working on for the pass year and a half and maybe some excitiment because i am about to try something that i think I am goos at, but neever tried before. Do digital stuff